$2240 / 1br - 798ft2 - Move in now! 1b/1b ready to rent! Opt pet friendly/ garage/ beach (UTC, La Jolla)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Home Sweet Home San Diego Apartments in the Golden Triangle and minutes to Westfield UTC Mall Call Now:  show contact info
Valentia 5305 Toscana Way, San Diego, CA, 92122Want more info? See the link below:http://lease.sheaservice.com/gw2107 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 798 Sq. Ft.  Enjoy fine dining at restaurants perched atop La Jolla's jagged cliffs. Shop at the Design District, a four-block stretch along Girard Avenue, visit boutique-lined streets gemmed with art and gifts, or spend the day with friends at the nearby Nobel Athletic Fields and Recreation Center. Indulge in the soft sand beaches, with year-round vacation sunshine and the Pacific Ocean's watercolor sunsets. From the village to the cove, La Jolla truly is the jewel of Southern California with its isolated coves, world class golf, incredible dining and amazing shopping.And La Jolla has a rental community to match at our community. This boutique collection of condominium style apartments offers you the lifestyle you deserve - chic, versatile and so convenient. Our community features a newly remodeled resident lounge with gaming and billiards table, business center, fitness center, racquetball courts, swimming pools, spas and saunas.Each La Jolla rental comes with raised panel cabinetry, hearty wood flooring, designer paint, custom lighting and granite countertops. It's chic, versatile, and convenient. In addition to amazing upgrades and a fabulous location, you'll enjoy exceptional care and attention from Shea Apartment Communities.*Located in the employment mecca of the Golden Triangle and just blocks to upscale UTC mall*Across the street from the Nobel Athletic Fields and Recreation Center with over 30 acres of recreation including sports fields, dog park, playground, gymnasium/recreation center, library and BBQ and picnic areas.*Upgraded interior finishes including granite countertops, wood flooring, designer paint and Whirlpool appliances*Modern amenities including resident lounge, business center, conference area and fitness center Features - Multiple Phone and Cable Lines  - Breakfast Counter and Kitchen Pantry  - Granite Countertops  - Pet Friendly Apartments Available  - Wood Flooring in Kitchen  - Wood-Burning Fireplace with Hearth  - One Bedroom, One Bath Floor Plan  - Walk-in Closets  - Full-sized Washer/Dryer  - Oversized Windows with Horizontal Window Treatments  - Nine-foot and Vaulted Ceilings  - White Cabinetry with Brushed Chrome Hardware  - Huge Private Patio or Balcony  - Amenities May Vary by Floor Plan and Location  - Refrigerator with Ice Maker  - Flat Panel Doors with Lever Hardware  - Whirlpool Appliances including Electric Range and Microwave  - Central Heat and Air Conditioning  - Designer Paint, Lighting and Crown Molding  - Roman Shaped Bathtub and Separate Shower Community Amenities - Fitness Center with Cardio and Weight Training Equipment  - Business Center  - Exclusive Resident Social Hub  - Resident Lounge with TV's, Billiards Table and Gaming  - Just Blocks from the Upscale UTC Shoping Mall  - Skyline and Sunset Views  - Planned Resident Events  - Controlled Access Garages with Reserved Parking  - Located in the Exclusive Master-planned Community of Renaissance-La Jolla with Lush Walkways, Exquisite Fountains and Waterscapes and Renaissance Village Shopping Square  - Smoke-free Community  - Rent to Own Program  - Across the street from the 30-acre Nobel Athletic Fields and Recreation Center with Sports Fields, Dog Park, Playground, Library, Gymnasium and BBQ and Picnic Areas  - Private Courtyards with BBQ and Picnic Area  - Resort-style Pools and Spas  - Indoor Raquetball Courts  - Men's and Women's Sauna  - Gate-controlled Subterranean Parking with Elevator Access to all Floors Pet Policy Pet friendly. Fees and breed restrictions apply. Please contact us for details. Driving Directions From the 805 Freeway:Exit west onto La Jolla Village Drive. Turn left onto Towne Center Drive and left again onto Renaissance Avenue. Go past the stop sign and turn right onto Toscana Way. Make a right into the first driveway and the leasing center is straight ahead. Office Hours Monday - Saturday: 9 a.m. - 6 p.m.Sunday: 11 a.m. - 5 p.m.  The rental rates listed above are based on a 12+ month lease term with immediate move-in. Shorter term leases and longer hold periods are available with a monthly upcharge. Pricing deemed reliable but not guaranteed and can change without notice. CA BL DRE #01382566Equal Housing Opportunity  san diego apartments apartments san diego la jolla apartments apartments la jolla san diego la jolla iTS4tPfyGV

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 09:14
Price: $2240
Latitude: 32.869117
Longitude: -117.202041
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 798
