$3595 / 3br - 1205ft2 - 3 bed/ 2 bath, Attached 2 Car Garage, W/D in Unit - Come Tour (Carmel Valley - Pacific Highlands Ranch)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Welcome home to Avino Visit Our Website @ www.AvinoLiving.comAvino Luxury Rentals at Pacific Highlands Ranch offers a heightened sense of living. Close to everything you love to taste, smell, feel, and touch - beautiful sandy beaches, the thrill of the horse races, craft breweries and upscale movie theaters, on-trend boutiques, yoga studios, and quality grocery shopping. You will appreciate farm-to-table dining, Del Mar festivals, golf, and spending time with loved ones.Avino is all about resort living and a green lifestyle. From your impressive great room to your private residents' pool and clubhouse, or your direct access garage with electric vehicle charging station to the top performing schools nearby, you recognize quality and accept nothing less. It is the good life, and you deserve it.  Call Now:  show contact info
Use this link for more information:http://discover.rvmcorp.com/3e82z8 This is a 3 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1205 Sq. Ft. Features - Gas Fireplace*  - Pre-Wired For Wall Mounted TV  - Full-Size Washer and Dryer  - Custom Tile Bathrooms  - Direct Access Garage  - USB Outlet Recepticles  - No Smoking  - French Door Refrigerator  - Walk-In Closets  - Electric Vehicle Charging  - Private Patio or Balcony  - Wine Fridge*  - Large Windows  - Stainless Steel Kitchen  - 1000Mbps Broadband Capable  - 5-Burner Push-In Gas Range  - Central A/C and Heat  - High Ceilings  - Quartz Counters  - Nest Learning Thermostat Community Amenities - Minutes From Beautiful Beaches  - Gourmet BBQ Areas  - Pool Area Wi-Fi  - Cycle Repair Shop  - Game Room with Pool Table  - Pool Cabanas With Flat Screen TV'S  - High-Tech Business Center  - Resort Style 25-Yard Heated Saltwater Lap Pool  - Highly-Ranked, Prestigious Schools  - TRX Training Zone  - Easy Access To SR 56, Interstates 5 and 15  - Concierge Package Delivery System  - State-Of-The-Art 24hr Fitness Center  - Precor Equipment  - Outdoor Fire Pit  - Spin Bikes  - Dry Sauna  - Oversized Jacuzzi  - Tot Lot Play Area  - Yoga  - Solar Powered Clubhouse with Cyber Cafe  - Steps From "The Village" At Pacific Highlands Ranch  - Onsite Pet Spa  - Steam Room Pet Policy Breed Restrictions Apply - Call for Details Driving Directions From Interstate 5: Take SR 56 (Ted Williams Freeway) East. Exit Carmel Valley Rd. Turn left to head North on Carmel Valley Rd. Property is located across the street to the South from The Village shopping center (Trader Joe's Shopping center).From Interstate 15: Take SR 56 (Ted Williams Freeway) West. Exit Carmel Valley Rd. Turn right to head North on Carmel Valley Rd. Property is located across the street to the South from The Village shopping center (Trader Joe's Shopping center).Avino in Pacific Highlands Ranch, Carmel Valley is close to High Bluff, Del Mar Race Track, Torrey Mesa, Torrey Pines State Beach, Sorrento Valley, Sorrento Mesa, UTC, Canyon Crest, Cathedral, Sycamore Ridge Elementary, & Village Shopping with Trader Joe's. Office Hours Contact For Info Avino 5040 Camino San Fermin, San Diego, CA, 92130Equal Housing Opportunity M7lpH5iWLI

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 17:39
Price: $3595
Latitude: 32.958402
Longitude: -117.192235
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1205
