$1325 Top floor studio in East Village! Charm with modern conveniences. (East Village / San Diego / Downtown)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        

    
      Historic studio living in the heart of the the city. Charm with modern conveniences!
    
  
  Property Address

1493 J St. | San Diego, CA 92101


  Available: 11/23/2018

Offered By

F&F Property Management West
Description
  
    Built in 1887, Isaac Lyon is a stunning example of Victorian architecture rarely seen downtown. This community overflows with character and charm and has gone through multiple renovations offering modern conveniences while maintaining unique details. 
This studio apartment features quartz countertops, full-size appliances, custom cabinets, and even a dishwasher. Relax in the community courtyard that boasts a BBQ grill and plenty of seating.
Wanting to enjoy the outdoors? Welcome to East Village, the largest and fastest growing urban neighborhood in Downtown San Diego! Experience a rich and vibrant arts and culture scene with restaurants, bars, local shops, activities, and art galleries. Close proximity to everything downtown including Petco Park. 
Interiors:
- White appliances with dishwasher and microwave
- Quartz countertop
- Original hardwood flooring
- A/C
- Ceiling fan
Community features:
- Gated
- Next generation laundry room with smartphone pay
- Courtyard
- BBQ with picnic area
- Pet friendly (no weight or breed restrictions)*
- Responsive management team with 24 hour emergency line
- Online resident portal for easy maintenance requests and rent payment
Pictures may not be of actual unit but similar. SCHEDULE A PRIVATE TOUR on our website at fandfinc.com/vacancies or by calling  show contact info

*We are PET-FRIENDLY and allow ALL DOGS regardless of weight or breed with an additional deposit of $250 and $50 monthly per pet. 
Pricing may vary and is subject to change without notice. We follow all City of San Diego occupancy guidelines. We apologize, however; as we work to receive all necessary training and knowledge to fully comprehend all aspects of all housing assistance programs, we are not yet at a point where we are able to work with the programs. As per the new regulations, we are preparing to be fully up and running as of August 2019. 
As an equal opportunity housing provider, F&F Property Management, Inc. provides housing opportunities regardless of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, physical or mental disability, familial status or any other classification protected by applicable federal, state or local law.
  


  Details
  Beds/Baths: 1.0BA
      Square Feet: 375

  Rental Terms
  Rent: $1,325.00 

    
Available: 11/23/2018
    
Application Fee: $40.00

  
Pet Policy
  Cats allowed
      Dogs allowed

Date Posted: November 02, 2018 at 16:52
Price: $1325
Latitude: 32.709416
Longitude: -117.150446
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
