$2195 / 2br - 902ft2 - SUNSETS DELIVERED TO YOUR LIVING RM NIGHTLY W/VIEWS OF CORONADO BRIDGE (4.6 Miles from Downtown San Diego)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Some of the best things in life are free...if you live in the right spot. 
So how would you like to have an private balcony that faces west and opens up to a loft style living room where you can stand inside or back outside and see the Coronado bridge in the distance colored by the sun setting right from the comfort of your home that has floor to ceiling windows. How would you like to live where you are only 4.6 miles from the heart of Downtown San Diego, less than 1 mile bike ride or walk from Pier 32 Marina, and right across the street from beautiful Kimbell Park all for a price that no one is offering...NO. ONE.  Welcome to 12th Street Lofts.
 If all of that is not enough...rent this week and we will paint an access wall in your unit absolutely FREE!!!
Complete with a loft style open floor plan, we currently have a 2 bedroom 1 bath corner unit on the 3rd floor for only $2,195! 
 Each unit at 12th Street Lofts offer floor to ceiling windows that deliver Western sunsets to your living room nightly and one bedroom or has a view of our pool and Zen deck. Stainless steel appliances, stackable washer and dryer combos, LED track lighting, gorgeous gray earth tone carpet in the bedrooms. European style fixtures, an abundance of closet space, central heat and air conditioning, and a HUGE private balcony that is accessible from your living room and bedroom.
 Our secluded outdoor space offers a heated lap style swimming pool, sun deck with a generous amount of new chaise loungers, patio tables with seating, and a commercial size stainless steel gas BBQ encased by a ceramic tile food prep area. and a BRAND NEW state-of-the-art fitness center.
 12th Street Lofts are secured by a digital key system for entry to our parking garage and building lobby 24 hours a day, complete with a resident elevator only accessible from the secured lobby.
 The Neighborhood: 
 Historically known as one of the oldest areas of San Diego and currently promoted as one of the quickest modernizing areas in the United States, National City offers great outdoor entertainment, most of which surrounds us at 12th Street Lofts! For starters, immediately adjacent to the left of our building is Kimbell Park and a brand new city library.
 Kimbell Park is a 30 acre facility that offers playgrounds, softball / baseball fields, basketball and tennis courts, a skateboard park, outdoor Amphitheatre, Summer Movies in the Park, and so much more!
 Head West and in just 4 Minutes away is Pier 32 Marina; a 200 slip marina and dock where you can rent kayaks, enjoy bayside dining, biking on nearby paths, and more. 
 For a virtual tour of the marina, click here: http://www.pier32marina.com/virtual-tour.html 
 Call NOW  show contact info
 and ask for Ann or call Toll Free at   show contact info

We proudly offer military discounts
And Pets are welcome. No weight restrictions for 1st & 2nd floor units!!
 www.12thStreetLofts.com 
 Like us on Facebook
 Follow us on Twitter and Instagram @12thStreetLofts

Date Posted: October 08, 2018 at 14:22
Price: $2195
Latitude: 32.672502
Longitude: -117.105102
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 902
