$2195 / 2br - 902ft2 - ATT: DOG OWNERS - 2 BD 1 BTH LOFT STYLE APT  w/ HUGE PATIO (National City West)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
We know your dog is an important part of your family, so bring them where they will feel like part of ours! This is the perfect home for any dog lover with a bonus...it is a corner unit on the 3rd floor with amazing views for you!! 
*Beautiful hard surface floors
*Massive outdoor patios
*A secluded dog run for those late night potty runs
*The amazing Kimbell Park is right across the street
*Great neighborhood walking areas that are well lit and safe for night walking
*Only a 1 mile walk from Pier 32 Marina to enjoy some sunsets with your furry side kick!
*Full Size Washer Dryer in each unit
*Gated garage parking for getting in and out of the car safely 
* A New state of the art fitness center in the building so you can get your workout in while your fur baby is right upstairs at home
*Several pet stores, groomers, and vets nearby
*Only 4 miles to Petco Park when you want to go see the Padres with your dog
Best of all...come in this week and secure your new home for only $100 down!!
Now...as for the details of what YOU will like:
Located in the historic district of National City and only 4 mile or 7 minute drive to the heart of Downtown San Diego, Petco Park, the Gaslamp District and under 5 minutes to get to the 32nd Street Naval Base.
 Every Amenity offered that the Downtown Condos offer
 Supersize Balconies that either overlook the pool or nightly ocean sunsets
 1 Mile to Pier 32 
 Recently updated with a modern entrance and management office, our boutique building will make you feel like you live in a members only style building where you are part of our family not another unit number. NO ONE is offering all the same at this price...NO ONE!!
 If all of that is not enough...rent this in March and we will paint an access wall in the color of your choice absolutely FREE!!!
Each unit at 12th Street Lofts offer floor to ceiling windows that deliver western sunsets to your living room nightly. Stainless steel appliances, stackable full size washer and dryer combos, LED track lighting, gorgeous earth tone carpet in the bedrooms. European style fixtures, an abundance of closet space, central heat and air conditioning, and a HUGE private balcony that is accessible from your living room and bedroom.
 Our secluded outdoor space offers a heated lap style swimming pool, sun deck with a generous amount of new chaise loungers, patio tables with seating, and a commercial size stainless steel gas BBQ encased by a ceramic tile food prep area. and a BRAND NEW state-of-the-art fitness center that has 24 hour a day access.
 12th Street Lofts are secured by a digital key system for entry to our parking garage where your assigned parking space is located and building lobby 24 hours a day, complete with a resident elevator only accessible from the secured lobby.
 The Neighborhood: 
 Historically known as one of the oldest areas of San Diego and currently promoted as one of the quickest modernizing areas in the United States, National City offers great outdoor entertainment, most of which surrounds us at 12th Street Lofts! For starters, immediately adjacent to the left of our building is Kimbell Park and a brand new city library. Southwestern College has a BRAND NEW campus a 3 minute walk away, with so much more.
 Kimbell Park is a 30 acre facility that offers playgrounds, softball / baseball fields, basketball and tennis courts, a skateboard park, outdoor Amphitheatre, Summer Movies in the Park, and so much more!
 Head West and in just 4 Minutes away is Pier 32 Marina; a 200 slip marina and dock where you can rent kayaks, enjoy bayside dining, biking on nearby paths, and more. 
 For a virtual tour of the marina, click here: http://www.pier32marina.com/virtual-tour.html 
 Call NOW  show contact info
 and ask for Ann or call toll free,  show contact info

 We proudly offer military discounts
 We are a pet friendly community
 www.12thStreetLofts.com 
 Like us on Facebook
 Follow us on Twitter and Instagram @12thStreetLofts
 Keywords:
 National City, downtown, two bedroom, one bedroom, three bedroom, pet friendly, large dogs, washer/dryer, parking, dishwasher, stainless steel appliances, elevator, view, gym, fitness center, deck, walkable, Chula Vista
 DowntownSanDiego, Downtown, gaslamp, GaslampDistrict, Coronado, 32nd Street Naval Base, Best Deal, Pet Friendly, Dogs, Dogs welcome, Petco, Petsmart, doghouse, Petco Park

Date Posted: October 08, 2018 at 14:20
Price: $2195
Latitude: 32.674900
Longitude: -117.089700
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 902
