$1745 / 2br - 925ft2 - NOW AVAILABLE 2X2 IN GATED COMMUNITY CALL US TODAY FOR A TOUR!! (City Heights)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 925 Sq. Ft. 
Welcome to The Ridge at San Diego Apartments, where convenience and quality combine! Our cozy apartment community is ideally located near a wide selection of shops, schools, restaurants, and commuter-friendly freeways. The Ridge at San Diego combines a wealth of recreational amenities and comfortable residences with affordable monthly rental payments to give you the best value. Quality living at affordable prices in a convenient location makes The Ridge the perfect place to call home. 
We've considered every comfort and convenience in our four unique two bedroom floor plans to ensure your stay here is enjoyable and pleasant. Apartment amenities include a private balcony or patio, an all electric gourmet kitchen, plush carpeting, ceiling fans, spacious walk-in closets, and so much more! 
The Ridge at San Diego gives you flexibility to balance the needs of life both inside and outside of your home. Community features include a soothing spa, sparkling swimming pool, gated access, an on-site laundry facility, ample parking, and professional management. Pets are welcome so bring the whole family! Visit us today and discover the way of life you've been searching for. 
Features:
Spacious Walk-In Closet(s), Extra Storage, Carpeted Floors, Private Balcony or Patio, 12 Month Leases, Shorter terms may be available call to inquiry. Prices subject to change. Tenant responsible for trash, sewer and water., Dishwasher, Vertical Blinds, Refrigerator, Ceiling Fan(s), All Electric Kitchen 
Community Amenities:
Easy Access to Highways and Shopping, Assigned Parking, Gated Access, Beautiful Landscaping, Soothing Spa, Shimmering Swimming Pool, Laundry Facility, On-site and On-call Maintenance, Garages Available 
Pet Policy:
1 DOG OR 1 CAT are allowed within the community provided they meet the following criteria:
•	No more than 1 pets per apartment home
•	Pet must be spayed or neutered with written verification from veterinarian
•	Pet must not exceed 45 pounds when fully grown with written verification from veterinarian
•	Refundable pet deposit of $300.00 must paid prior to pet move in 
•	Pet agreement must be signed upon move in 
•	Photo of pet must be taken by a member of the management team prior to move in
•	Pet must be current on all vaccinations with verification from veterinarian
•	Monthly pet rent of $30.00 per pet/per month
•	The following breeds or mix of these breeds are not permitted:
Afghan hound 
Akita
American Staffordshire terrier
Australian Cattle Dog
Basenjii
Bloodhound
Bull Mastiff
Bulldog
Chow
Dalmatian
Doberman
Elkhound
Fila Brasilerio
Foxhound
German Sheppard
Great Dane
Greyhound
Husky
Malamute
Pit Bull
Presa Canario
Rottweiler
St. Bernard
Staffordshire terrier
Saluk 
Full Color Brochure Here:
http://lease.conam.com/9s695yDisclaimer: Please be aware of scams on Craigslist. It is our practice never to require someone to complete a credit application or provide personal credit information before touring an apartment home. Rent is based on lease term selected. Please contact office for more details. Prices subject to change.
Equal Housing Opportunity 
XpPf0sxoko

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 08:44
Price: $1745
Latitude: 32.735017
Longitude: -117.093263
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 925
