$3170 / 1br - 1048ft2 - Built-in wine rack, Pet friendly, Hardwood and slate flooring (Little Italy)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
 For a limited time, receive up to 4 weeks free on select vacant apartment homes and 2 weeks free on future move-ins (12 month minimum)! Offer expires soon! Hurry in today!  Call Now -  show contact info
 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 1048 Sq. Ft.  The distinction is apparent. High-flying sculptural art leading to the expansive lobby with its profusion of designer-centric details. Current luxury apartment homes in Little Italy are the epitome of boutique-style, downtown living. Enjoy plenty of spaces for getting together with friends or just getting away from it all. Spacious open floor plans, many with expansive views, and a list of high-end amenities to suit even the most refined of tastes. Rooftop swimming pool and lounge. State-of-the-art fitness center. Resident Club Lounge, with gourmet demonstration kitchen. It's all there and it's all good. Come see these Little Italy apartments for yourself by scheduling an appointment today.  Features: Extra storage space *, Track lighting, Standalone shower *, Amenities Marked with * Are Unit Specific Amenities, Expansive private balcony *, Soaking tub, Solar shades and climate control, Built-in desk *, In-home washer and dryer, Ceiling fans, Central heating and air conditioning, Custom color accent walls, Granite countertops, Built-in dry bar *, Walk-in closets *, Dual bathroom sinks *, 9 ft. ceilings, Built-in wine rack, Hardwood and slate flooring, Stainless steel appliances, Built-in shelving  Community Amenities: Controlled access parking, Coffee bar and media lounge, Valet dry cleaning, Mountain bikes available, Multi-level architecture with resort-style amenities, Exquisite lobby entrance with fine art and waterfall, Pet friendly, Private screening room, 24/7 fitness center, Wi-Fi (complimentary in public areas), Street level terrace with grilling area and fire pit, e-Lounge business lounge and conference room, Dedicated concierge services, Sleek, modern, boutique-style design, Package acceptance, On-site maintenance, Heated rooftop swimming pool, Great room with demonstration kitchen Follow This Link for More Information:http://www.udrrentals.com/2wox2iEqual Housing Opportunity AtmB02vBrGk

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 15:45
Price: $3170
Latitude: 32.721444
Longitude: -117.165608
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 1048
