$1850 / 1br - 700ft2 - Live By The Beach! Spacious 1 Bedroom! Live At ELAN Pacific Palms! (4827 Niagara Avenue)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        

Elan Pacific Palms

http://elanpacificpalms.prospectportal.com/su/tk4qzc


Elan Pacific Palms Apartment Homes for rent in Ocean Beach, CA is a small beach community located in one of San Diego's most relaxing places. While residing with us, you can go to the beach, of course, or shop on Newport Avenue. The year round sunshine allows for year round attractions. Visit the longest pier on the west coast, The Ocean Beach Pier, or enjoy the vast collection of antique stores, bars, and restaurants. This community is known for its unique neighborhoods, beautiful parks, playgrounds and sports fields.
The community offers spacious one bedroom floor plans with fully equipped kitchen, designated dining room, accommodating living room, balcony/patio in select units, satin nickel plated ceiling fans, mirror panel closet doors, and complimentary accent wall. The community also boasts a lush landscaping, on-site laundry facilities, bike store room, assigned parking, and friendly on-site Staff with full-time emergency Maintenance to meet all your maintenance needs. Elan Pacific Palms welcomes cats and dogs; please see our pet policy as some restrictions may apply.
Whether you want to visit our sandy beaches, explore the walking trails, or dine at the local restaurants, your possibilities are endless. We provide easy access to the Interstate 5 and Interstate 8 for your commuting needs. For your convenience, Robb Field, Downtown San Diego, Balboa Park, Petco Park, Gaslamp Quarter, Seaport Village, and the world-famous San Diego Zoo are just minutes away. Come home to Elan Pacific Palms and enjoy easy living!
 

Community Amenities
Pet Friendly
Gated Community
Full Service Laundry Facility
Secure Bike Storage
Close Proximity to Shopping, Dining, & Entertainment
Contact Us
Elan Pacific Palms				

Address:4827 Niagara Avenue, San Diego, CA  92107

Phone: show contact info


Online:http://elanpacificpalms.prospectportal.com/su/tk4qzc


					
Office Hours:

Mon: By Appointment

Tue: By Appointment

Wed: By Appointment

Thu: By Appointment

Fri: By Appointment

Sat: By Appointment

Sun: By Appointment
EQUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITY



Apartment for rent, Dog, San Diego, Cat, CA, Elan Pacific Palms

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 13:06
Price: $1850
Latitude: 32.744162
Longitude: -117.248781
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 700
