$1680 / 1br - 629ft2 - Kitchen Island or peninsula, Microwave, Dog Park, Refrigerator, Oven (Lemon Grove)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 629 Sq. Ft. 
Celsius Living -experience a future forward lifestyle that challenges the ordinary.
Embrace the unexpected - dwell in the hottest eco savvy apartments that fuse modern design elements and a vibrant lifestyle. 
Celsius delivers a full spectrum of smart living choices. Hike, bike, or ride. Chill out or turn up the heat to quench your desires. At whatever tempo you choose to live - Celsius takes it up a notch with a refreshing urban centric approach. 
Engage in the unexpected gathering on the Sundeck terrace, walk the dog down the promenade, join a game of pool in the lounge, ride the trolley to downtown San Diego.
Celsius elevates this comfortable, laid-back East County locale with a current vibe.
Celsius - connected to keep life cool.
Features:
Dishwasher, Sleek espresso cabinetry enhanced with contemporary door pulls, Oven, Hardwood style flooring in living areas with two color stains to choose from, Full size, high efficiency in home washer & dryer, One, Two and three bedroom apartment homes, Kitchen Island or peninsula, Energy Efficient GE stainless kitchen appliances, Private balconies with personal storage space available, Two Tone Paint, Nine Foot Ceilings, Central Heating and Air Conditioning, Refrigerator, Sophisticated design and contemporary features including quartz counter tops, Microwave 
Community Amenities:
Parcel Lockers with email/text notifications, Gated Entrance, Professional On-Site Management, Pet Friendly**, Electrical vehicle charging stations, Non Smoking community, Trolley close for easy commuting, Gas BBQ Area, State of the art Fitness Center, Dog Park, Ideally Situated Near the 94 and 15 Freeways, 24-Hour Emergency Maintenance, Walkable neighborhood at the Main Street Promenade linear park and Farmers Market with an 89 walking score, Wifi in all common areas, Online rent payment and service request option, Great room with 75" TV for viewing and pool table, Urban Living in the Heart of Lemon Grove which boasts the "best climate on earth", Sundeck Terrace with Lounge Seating 
Interested in more information? Visit link below:
http://live.fpimgt.com/538o3d
Equal Housing Opportunity 
D9tz6U9ohSs

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 11:03
Price: $1680
Latitude: 32.733200
Longitude: -117.032600
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 629
