$3595 / 3br - 1205ft2 - ***3 Bed, 2 Bath, Attached Garage, 24 Hour Fitness*** (Carmel Valley - Pacific Highlands Ranch)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Welcome home to Avino Visit Our Website @ www.AvinoLiving.comAvino Luxury Rentals at Pacific Highlands Ranch offers a heightened sense of living. Close to everything you love to taste, smell, feel, and touch - beautiful sandy beaches, the thrill of the horse races, craft breweries and upscale movie theaters, on-trend boutiques, yoga studios, and quality grocery shopping. You will appreciate farm-to-table dining, Del Mar festivals, golf, and spending time with loved ones.Avino is all about resort living and a green lifestyle. From your impressive great room to your private residents' pool and clubhouse, or your direct access garage with electric vehicle charging station to the top performing schools nearby, you recognize quality and accept nothing less. It is the good life, and you deserve it.  Call Now:  show contact info
Want more information? Follow this link:http://discover.rvmcorp.com/905357 This is a 3 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1205 Sq. Ft. Features - Pre-Wired For Wall Mounted TV  - Custom Tile Bathrooms  - French Door Refrigerator  - High Ceilings  - Private Patio or Balcony  - Electric Vehicle Charging  - Wine Fridge*  - Quartz Counters  - Walk-In Closets  - Nest Learning Thermostat  - 1000Mbps Broadband Capable  - USB Outlet Recepticles  - Full-Size Washer and Dryer  - Gas Fireplace*  - No Smoking  - Direct Access Garage  - Stainless Steel Kitchen  - Large Windows  - Central A/C and Heat  - 5-Burner Push-In Gas Range Community Amenities - Concierge Package Delivery System  - Steam Room  - Minutes From Beautiful Beaches  - Precor Equipment  - Cycle Repair Shop  - Spin Bikes  - TRX Training Zone  - Oversized Jacuzzi  - Easy Access To SR 56, Interstates 5 and 15  - Pool Cabanas With Flat Screen TV'S  - Highly-Ranked, Prestigious Schools  - State-Of-The-Art 24hr Fitness Center  - Tot Lot Play Area  - High-Tech Business Center  - Gourmet BBQ Areas  - Yoga  - Game Room with Pool Table  - Dry Sauna  - Pool Area Wi-Fi  - Resort Style 25-Yard Heated Saltwater Lap Pool  - Outdoor Fire Pit  - Steps From "The Village" At Pacific Highlands Ranch  - Solar Powered Clubhouse with Cyber Cafe  - Onsite Pet Spa Pet Policy Breed Restrictions Apply - Call for Details Driving Directions From Interstate 5: Take SR 56 (Ted Williams Freeway) East. Exit Carmel Valley Rd. Turn left to head North on Carmel Valley Rd. Property is located across the street to the South from The Village shopping center (Trader Joe's Shopping center).From Interstate 15: Take SR 56 (Ted Williams Freeway) West. Exit Carmel Valley Rd. Turn right to head North on Carmel Valley Rd. Property is located across the street to the South from The Village shopping center (Trader Joe's Shopping center).Avino in Pacific Highlands Ranch, Carmel Valley is close to High Bluff, Del Mar Race Track, Torrey Mesa, Torrey Pines State Beach, Sorrento Valley, Sorrento Mesa, UTC, Canyon Crest, Cathedral, Sycamore Ridge Elementary, & Village Shopping with Trader Joe's. Office Hours Contact For Info Avino 5040 Camino San Fermin, San Diego, CA, 92130Equal Housing Opportunity 66zObNGxOXM

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 09:40
Price: $3595
Latitude: 32.958402
Longitude: -117.192063
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1205
