$1625 / 450ft2 - Enjoy Ocean Beach Living! Enjoy Your Studio At ELAN CoCo Palms! (4975 Del Monte Avenue)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Elan Coco Palms

	                        Property Address
	                        4975 Del Monte Avenue
                              San Diego, CA, 92107
	                        

						 http://elancocopalms.prospectportal.com/su/5zjdtv




Elan Coco Palms Apartment Homes for rent in Ocean Beach, CA is a small beach community located in one of San Diego's most relaxing places. While residing with us, you can go to the beach, of course, or shop on Newport Avenue. The year round sunshine allows for year round attractions. Visit the longest pier on the west coast, The Ocean Beach Pier, or enjoy the vast collection of antique stores, bars, and restaurants. This community is known for its unique neighborhoods, beautiful parks, playgrounds and sports fields. The gated community offers spacious studio floor plans with fully equipped kitchen, dishwasher, designated dining room, accommodating living room, satin nickel plated ceiling fans, mirror panel closet doors and complimentary accent wall. The community also boasts a lush landscaping, sparkling pool, relaxing spa, BBQ, patio tables & chairs, lounge chairs, on-site laundry facility, business center, recreation room with flat screen, hi-tech fitness center, bike store room, covered and assigned parking, and friendly onsite Staff with full-time emergency Maintenance to meet all your maintenance needs. Elan Coco Palms welcomes cats; please see our pet policy as some restrictions may apply. Whether you want to visit our sandy beaches, explore the walking trails, or dine at the local restaurants, your possibilities are endless. We provide easy access to the Interstate 5 and Interstate 8 for your commuting needs. For your convenience, Robb Field, Downtown San Diego, Balboa Park, Petco Park, Gaslamp Quarter, Seaport Village, and the world-famous San Diego Zoo are just minutes away. Come home to Elan CoCo Palms and enjoy easy living!
						    Floor Plan Details
						    Name: Optimo
						      0 Bedrooms / 1 Bathrooms
									$1,625.00

								Community Amenities
								Lush Landscaping
									 BBQ & Picnic Area
									 Relaxing Spa
									 Sparkling Swimming Pool
									 On-Site Leasing Office
									 Fitness Center
									 Laundry Facility
									 Bike Storage
									 Close Proximity to Shopping, Dining, & Entertainment
								Property Contact
						     show contact info

						    EQUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITY

http://elancocopalms.prospectportal.com/su/5zjdtv

Date Posted: September 22, 2018 at 12:27
Price: $1625
Latitude: 32.744058
Longitude: -117.252822
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 450
