$2685 / 3br - 1065ft2 - Amazing condo-style 2brs available now! Owned/managed by Shea Prop. (University City)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Relax and Rejuvenate in Your New Home San Diego Apartments in the Golden Triangle and minutes to Westfield UTC Mall Call Now:  show contact info
Valentia 5305 Toscana Way, San Diego, CA, 92122Use the link below for more details:http://lease.sheaservice.com/11e14q This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1,065 Sq. Ft.  Enjoy fine dining at restaurants perched atop La Jolla's jagged cliffs. Shop at the Design District, a four-block stretch along Girard Avenue, visit boutique-lined streets gemmed with art and gifts, or spend the day with friends at the nearby Nobel Athletic Fields and Recreation Center. Indulge in the soft sand beaches, with year-round vacation sunshine and the Pacific Ocean's watercolor sunsets. From the village to the cove, La Jolla truly is the jewel of Southern California with its isolated coves, world class golf, incredible dining and amazing shopping.And La Jolla has a rental community to match at our community. This boutique collection of condominium style apartments offers you the lifestyle you deserve - chic, versatile and so convenient. Our community features a newly remodeled resident lounge with gaming and billiards table, business center, fitness center, racquetball courts, swimming pools, spas and saunas.Each La Jolla rental comes with raised panel cabinetry, hearty wood flooring, designer paint, custom lighting and granite countertops. It's chic, versatile, and convenient. In addition to amazing upgrades and a fabulous location, you'll enjoy exceptional care and attention from Shea Apartment Communities.*Located in the employment mecca of the Golden Triangle and just blocks to upscale UTC mall*Across the street from the Nobel Athletic Fields and Recreation Center with over 30 acres of recreation including sports fields, dog park, playground, gymnasium/recreation center, library and BBQ and picnic areas.*Upgraded interior finishes including granite countertops, wood flooring, designer paint and Whirlpool appliances*Modern amenities including resident lounge, business center, conference area and fitness center Features - Granite Countertops  - Huge Private Patio or Balcony  - Wood-Burning Fireplace with Hearth  - Refrigerator with Ice Maker  - Oversized Windows with Horizontal Window Treatments  - Designer Paint, Lighting and Crown Molding  - Full-sized Washer/Dryer  - Walk-in Closets  - Pet Friendly Apartments Available  - Nine-foot and Vaulted Ceilings  - Multiple Phone and Cable Lines  - Wood Flooring in Kitchen  - Roman Shaped Bathtub and Separate Shower  - Whirlpool Appliances including Electric Range and Microwave  - Central Heat and Air Conditioning  - Amenities May Vary by Floor Plan and Location  - Breakfast Counter and Kitchen Pantry  - Flat Panel Doors with Lever Hardware  - White Cabinetry with Brushed Chrome Hardware  - Two Bedroom, Two Bath Floor Plan Community Amenities - Business Center  - Smoke-free Community  - Rent to Own Program  - Just Blocks from the Upscale UTC Shoping Mall  - Planned Resident Events  - Across the street from the 30-acre Nobel Athletic Fields and Recreation Center with Sports Fields, Dog Park, Playground, Library, Gymnasium and BBQ and Picnic Areas  - Controlled Access Garages with Reserved Parking  - Resort-style Pools and Spas  - Private Courtyards with BBQ and Picnic Area  - Resident Lounge with TV's, Billiards Table and Gaming  - Indoor Raquetball Courts  - Located in the Exclusive Master-planned Community of Renaissance-La Jolla with Lush Walkways, Exquisite Fountains and Waterscapes and Renaissance Village Shopping Square  - Men's and Women's Sauna  - Exclusive Resident Social Hub  - Gate-controlled Subterranean Parking with Elevator Access to all Floors  - Skyline and Sunset Views  - Fitness Center with Cardio and Weight Training Equipment Pet Policy Pet friendly. Fees and breed restrictions apply. Please contact us for details. Driving Directions From the 805 Freeway:Exit west onto La Jolla Village Drive. Turn left onto Towne Center Drive and left again onto Renaissance Avenue. Go past the stop sign and turn right onto Toscana Way. Make a right into the first driveway and the leasing center is straight ahead. Office Hours Monday - Saturday: 9 a.m. - 6 p.m.Sunday: 11 a.m. - 5 p.m.  The rental rates listed above are based on a 12+ month lease term with immediate move-in. Shorter term leases and longer hold periods are available with a monthly upcharge. Pricing deemed reliable but not guaranteed and can change without notice. CA BL DRE #01382566Equal Housing Opportunity  san diego apartments apartments san diego la jolla apartments apartments la jolla san diego la jolla CHJU9k7p

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 13:24
Price: $2685
Latitude: 32.869187
Longitude: -117.202475
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1065
