$1500 / 1br - 515ft2 - Beautiful First Floor 1 Bedroom with New Interior & Hardwood - Cats OK (Clairemont)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Pacific Palms Apartments
We currently have one first floor one bedroom under renovation projected for move in 10/29/2018! This home will feature hardwood style flooring throughout with carpet in the bedroom and bedroom closet only, a full walk in closet, upgraded 30 inch stove and oven, full sized refrigerator, solid wood cabinets with no-slam doors & drawers, granite counter tops, and a wall heating / air conditioning unit. Bring your cats and/or other small animals! We are cat friendly and there is NO PET RENT!
Walk in or call to schedule a tour Monday-Thursday 10am to 3pm! Please note the interior is currently under renovation therefore we will not be able to tour the one bedroom interior.
Great Price - this home is renting for $1500 per month with a 12 month lease and $600 deposit on approved credit. We allow cats and other small animals with additional $200 deposit per pet, maximum of 2, no dogs unless need for legal exception.
Our community features: 
2 pools
2 laundry rooms
2 picnic areas each with an outdoor grill
Street parking for new residents and a parking waitlist for free parking upon availability
Designated concierge with Spectrum to offer discounts and promotions to our residents for their cable, Internet, and/or home phone services
Conveniently located minutes from San Diego Mesa College, UCSD, USD, preschool through high school, and all of the wonderful shops and restaurants Clairemont has to offer. Situated directly next door to a dry cleaner, laundromat, and Smart and Final grocery store our complex is the perfect location for your next home.
Call today to schedule a tour of the community amenities! 
Additional Availability:
We currently have one first floor renovated studio available for immediate move in! This home features hardwood style flooring throughout, a full walk in closet, upgraded 30 inch stove and oven, full sized refrigerator, solid wood cabinets with no-slam doors & drawers, granite counter tops, a built in bar-height table, and a wall heating / air conditioning unit. This apartment faces our center parking lot and is not gated. Bring your cats and/or other small animals! We are cat friendly and there is NO PET RENT!   This home is renting for $1350 per month with a 12 month lease and $600 deposit on approved credit. We allow cats and other small animals with additional $200 deposit per pet, maximum of 2, no dogs unless need for legal exception.
Equal Housing Opportunity Community

Date Posted: October 10, 2018 at 11:56
Price: $1500
Latitude: 32.834410
Longitude: -117.180537
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 515
