$2113 / 2br - 987ft2 - Come see why people love our 2bdrm units at Sofi Westview!!

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Welcome Home to Sofi Westview Discover a sanctuary you can call home. This exceptional apartment community is located just north of Mira Mesa Boulevard at the southern edge of Rancho Peñasquitos. Take advantage of the convenient access to miles of trails through Los Peñasquitos Canyon Preserve, or relax in our resort style pool, steam room or cedar-lined sauna. Within this three-tiered apartment community that takes full advantage of the natural terrain, each residence is luxuriously arrayed with a ceramic-tiled entryway, gas-log fireplace, generous floor plan space and direct access garages. You will always be close to entertainment with access to shopping, fine dining, and local attractions only a short distance away. Experience living in an apartment community that blends nature with convenience.  Call Now:  show contact info
Interested In This Unit? Use this link for more details:http://pinnaclefamily.aptdetails.com/3v46y4 This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 987 Sq. Ft. Features - Oversized Patios or Balconies  - Recessed Lighting  - Ceramic Tile Entryways  - Additional Storage Available*  - Programmable Thermostats  - Expansive 9' Ceilings with Crown Molding  - Full-Size Washer and Dryer  - Single- or Two-Car Direct Access Garages  - Gas Log Fireplaces with Decorative Mantels  - Energy Efficient Windows  - Rounded Bull-nose Corners  - Mirrored Wardrobe or Walk-in Closets in Master Bedrooms *Restrictions Apply. See Sales Associate For Details. Community Amenities - Green Friendly Community  - Smoke-Free Community  - Executive Business Center  - Clubhouse Facilities with Media Room, Library, Lounge & Play Zone  - Resort-Style Pool and Spa  - Wireless Access in Common Areas  - Steam Rooms and Cedar-Lined Dry Saunas  - Resident Lounge with Pool Table  - Dogs and Cats Welcome*  - Community Tennis Court and Tot Lot  - Easy Access to Miramar Community College  - Professional On-Site Management  - Controlled Access Entry  - Complete Fitness Center  - Onsite Recycling Program Pet Policy Pets must be minimum of 6 months old. Pets cannot exceed 100 pounds at full maturity. A maximum of 2 pets per apartment. *All pets must be spayed and neutered* Office Hours Monday - Saturday: 9:00 am - 6:00 pmSunday: 10:00 am - 5:00 pm Sofi Westview 11760 Westview Parkway, San Diego, CA, 92126Equal Housing Opportunity eo13CkVC

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 17:48
Price: $2113
Latitude: 32.916100
Longitude: -117.140200
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 987
