$2775 / 2br - 1270ft2 - A Unique Two-Bedroom Layout. Very Open and Inviting. (UTC / La Jolla)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
 Welcome to La Regencia - a celebration of exclusive, spacious living and resort style amenities in the heart of University City - all at an attainable price. 

La Regencia offers spacious 1, 2 and 3 bedroom apartment homes with resort style amenities just outside your front door. Relax in our therapeutic Jacuzzi, by one of our serene streams or by one of our sparkling pools in a comfortable cabana. Relieve stress by working out in our racquetball court or our fully equipped fitness center. Stay on top of your work by surfing the internet, printing, copying and scanning documents in our business center. Have a barbeque with your neighbors in one of our picnic areas. Explore different areas of University City on our free community shuttle. We are a 100% smoke free community.

 
Our professionally managed leasing office is open daily in order to provide excellent customer service to all of our current and prospective residents. Stop by for the grand tour of our beautiful community daily from 10am-4:30pm. We guarantee that you will want to make La Regencia your next home!

 Community Amenities  Professional Management Office Open Daily
 Pool, Spa & Cabanas
 Beautifully Landscaped Courtyards with Gently Sloping Walkways
 Fitness Center & Racquetball
 Business Center
 BBQ & Picnic Areas
 24 Hour Maintenance Dispatch Service
 Courtesy Patrol and Parking monitoring
 Free Shuttle Service
 Covered Parking  Apartment Amenities 
 1, 2 & 3 Bedroom Apartment Homes For Rent 
 Nestled in La Jolla Colony 
 Heating & Air Conditioning System 
 Full Sized Washer and Dryer 
 Refrigerator 
 Dishwasher 
 Garbage Disposal 
 Microwave 
 Vaulted Ceilings in Select Apartments 
 Fireplace in Select Apartments 
 Ample Closet Space  Walking Distance from La Regencia: 
 Vons 
 Vision Care 
 Eyewear 
 Chiropractic 
 Bagels 
 State Farm 
 Nails 2000 + 
 CorePower Yoga 
 Fantastic SAMs 
 Subarashi 
 Los Primos Mexican Food 
 Tapioca Express 
 Aspire Salon 
 San Diego County Credit Union  La Regencia... Timeless Quality - Ultimate Convenience 
Call Now!  show contact info

7681 Palmilla Drive, San Diego, CA 92122
www.laregenciaca.com


Ask About Our Current Move In Specials!!!

 Driving Directions: 

From 805 exit La Jolla Village Drive, head west. Go to Regents Road; make a left at the light. Make a right on Arriba St, and another right on Palmilla. Property entrance is the last driveway on the right hand side.



From 1-5 -- exit La Jolla Village Drive, head east. Go 1.5 miles to Regents Road. Make a right. Make a right on Arriba St, and another right on Palmilla. Property entrance is the last driveway on the right hand side.



From I-15 -- exit Miramar Road, head west. Drive 7.5 miles to Regents Road (Miramar turns in to La Jolla Village Drive). Make a left on Regents, a right on Arriba St, and another right on Palmilla Drive. Property entrance is the last driveway on the right hand side.


 
Professionally Managed by Garden Communities



We do not accept co-signers. 
*Prices and specials are based on availability and are subject to change without prior notice (OAC). Please inquire within for more details.



We are an Equal Housing Opportunity community.

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 09:24
Price: $2775
Latitude: 32.862917
Longitude: -117.224035
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1270
