$1350 / 276ft2 - TOP FLOOR STUDIO IN HISTORIC BUILDING WITH BREATHTAKING ROOFTOP DECK (Bankers Hill / Downtown / San Diego)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
 THE BARCELONA The perfect pairing of location, luxury, and character, since 1921. 
326 Juniper Street, San Diego, CA 92101
Located in the Park West enclave of Bankers Hill.

Phone:  show contact info
 |  Email:  show contact info

Welcome to The Barcelona, a centrally located, iconic apartment community offering unique studios, flats, and one bedroom apartments. The Barcelona is a classic San Diego gem, combining old-world charm with modern, hotel-style amenities in a uniquely urban, yet park-like walkable neighborhood.These compact units are perfect for life on the go.  Rather than pay for a kitchen you never use, you'll take advantage of the multitude of local eateries within walking distance, and have your own mini-fridge and microwave for leftovers and quick snacks.  At the same time, you're gaining access to the lifestyle and all the amenities The Barcelona has to offer - the foundation lounge, fitness center, and rooftop deck, and outside your doorstep the entire Bankers Hill neighborhood and its neighbors - Hillcrest, Little Italy, Cortez Hill, Downtown, & The East Village, which are all within walking distance.  


Just two blocks from Balboa Park, living at The Barcelona is truly a one-of-a-kind experience. With expansive windows, high ceilings, and distinct architectural details, your apartment is just the right combination of bright, natural light, and vintage character. Unwind after work with a glass of wine on our exclusive rooftop deck, gazing at stars and San Diego's sparkling city skyline, or kick back with your friends and free WiFi in the brick-clad foundation lounge. On the weekend, walk to breakfast in Hillcrest, the farmer's market in Little Italy, or downtown to enjoy San Diego nightlife -- The Barcelona in Bankers Hill is truly in the middle of it all.Ten Reasons Why You Should Choose Us: 
 Two blocks from world-famous Balboa Park
 Authentic historic character & architecture
 Rooftop deck with panoramic ocean & skyline views
 FREE electricity & gas
 Urban Bankers Hill location, walkable to a multitude of local bars, restaurants & cafes
 Tranquil, tree-lined streets with ample meter-free parking
 24 Hour onsite fitness center, laundry & library lounge
 Convenient online rent payment & onsite management
 Tall ceilings & expansive windows for fresh natural light
 Extra onsite storage available


UNIT:  406      RENT: $1,350    | DEPOSIT: $800  (OAC)   

PETS: Cats and small dogs 75 pounds and under accepted. Additional pet rent and deposit apply.  See management for details.

Please visit our website for more details and complete availability: www.TheBarcelona.com

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 10:27
Price: $1350
Latitude: 32.729440
Longitude: -117.161658
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 276
