$2270 / 1br - 828ft2 - Clothing to Cupcakes! Everything in Walking Distance to Your New Home! (Point Loma)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
 We are now leasing!  Welcome To Your New Home! POINT LOMA'S NEWEST APARTMENT COMMUNITY Call Now:  show contact info
Dylan Point Loma 2930 Barnard St, San Diego, CA, 92110Want more information on this unit? See link (below):http://cl.greystar.com/vr2450 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 824-829 Sq. Ft.  Discover new apartments for rent at Dylan Point Loma in San Diego that are incredibly spacious and modern. Have your choice of fully appointed 1- and 2- and 3-bedroom floor plans.Inside these custom designed, oversized residences, most with garages, you'll discover light filled open plans and modern features. The signature amenities evoke a resort feeling that's distinctive yet casual, active yet relaxed.Discover a relaxed California casual lifestyle that includes a private pool, volleyball court, state of the art fitness center, dog park with wash station and so much more.Discover incredible spaces, upscale style, and signature amenities. Welcome to picture perfect.Come on in; the water's fine. Let's discover the amazing sights and scenes at Point Loma together. Welcome to everything. Features - Personal Onsite Storage  - Designer Bathrooms with Quartz Countertops and Oversized Soaking Tubs with Full Tile Surrounds*  - Wood Plank Style Flooring in Living Areas and Deluxe Carpeting in Bedrooms*  - Garages* (some with direct access)  - Energy Efficient Windows  - Designer Water Conservation Conscious Fixtures  - Gourmet Kitchens with Quartz Countertops, Tile Backsplashes, and European Style Cabinets*  - In-Home, Full Size Whirlpool速 Washer and Dryer  - Central Heat and Air Conditioning  - Whirlpool速 Stainless Steel Appliances with Gas Cooktop  - AT&T Uverse速 and/or Cox速 Available in all Homes** * In select units. **Resident to arrange service and pay directly to provider. Community Amenities - Fitness Club equipped with State of the Art Technogym Equipment  - Game Lounge with High Definition Televisions and Games  - Pets Welcome*  - 5,500+ square foot Community Club House  - Dog Park with Complimentary Dog Wash Station  - Complimentary Wi-fi at Pool Area and Club Room  - Volleyball Court  - Resort Style Saltwater Pool and Spa surrounded by Cabanas and Luxury Lounges  - Fully equipped Conference Room  - Numerous BBQ Areas with Seating  - Gated Community with Garages* and Guest Parking  - Demonstration Kitchen and Club Area *Breed restrictions apply. See Leasing Consultant for details. Pet Policy Dogs and Cats accepted. No weight limits; breed restrictions apply. Please contact us directly at  show contact info
 for more information. Office Hours M-Sat 9 am until 6 pmSun 12 pm until 5 pm Equal Housing Opportunity  Luxury Brand New Point Loma Townhomes Attached Garages Ocean Beach Mission Valley Ocean Beach Dog Beach Beach Liberty Station Sports Arena 39qFhzNaVv

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 07:54
Price: $2270
Latitude: 32.752051
Longitude: -117.223806
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 828
