$2350 / 2br - 900ft2 - Great Location! Two Bedroom Home in Normal Heights! (San Diego)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
We are pleased to offer this spacious two bedroom, one bath house in the heart of Normal Heights! This home is a rare find for the area!
As you enter the bright living room, you will immediately notice the open floor plan into the dining room and direct view into the back yard. There are plenty of windows offering natural light and an outdoor breeze. 
The spacious dining room is adjacent to the kitchen. This U-shaped kitchen offers ample cabinet space. The butcher block counters provide plenty of space for cooking and entertaining. The stainless steel appliances include: refrigerator, dishwasher and gas stove/range. The breakfast bar is a perfect place for stools to enjoy a quick meal or conversation. 
Both bedroom are very spacious which is hard to find in many of the charming homes in the neighborhood! One bedroom has a walk in closet, while the other offers a spacious wall to wall closet with mirrored wardrobe doors. 
In the hall foyer area you will find two storage closets and access to the bathroom. 
This home has laminate wood floors throughout the home and ceiling fans in the bedrooms and living rooms. 
The house comes with an updated washer/dryer in the garage and a private backyard. In addition to the garage, the house has it's own driveway for additional parking. 
Not only is this home a winner, but the location can't be beat! Located just 2 blocks south of Adams Ave. and the iconic Normal Heights sign in the exclusive area of Normal Heights, the residents of 3488 Monroe Avenue enjoy the walk ability to eateries, bars, shops, services, and public transportation access. 
*tenant pays all utilities*
*laundry in garage*
*garage w/driveway*
*owner pays landscaping*
*fully fenced in backyard*
*small dog allowed with $500 pet deposit and insurance*
Call for a viewing!  show contact info
 Extension 3

Date Posted: September 25, 2018 at 09:17
Price: $2350
Latitude: 32.759029
Longitude: -117.118152
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 900
