$2498 / 1br - 660ft2 - Walk-in closets, 24/7 fitness center, Private screening room (Little Italy)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
 For a limited time, receive up to 4 weeks free on select vacant apartment homes and 2 weeks free on future move-ins (12 month minimum)! Offer expires soon! Hurry in today! Current 1551 Union Street, San Diego, CA, 92101Visit This Website to See More:http://www.udrrentals.com/58o749 Call Now:  show contact info
ELEGANT LUXURY LIVING WITH AN ARTISTIC FLAIR: CURRENT APARTMENTS IN DOWNTOWN SAN DIEGO This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 660 Sq. Ft.  The distinction is apparent. High-flying sculptural art leading to the expansive lobby with its profusion of designer-centric details. Current luxury apartment homes in Little Italy are the epitome of boutique-style, downtown living. Enjoy plenty of spaces for getting together with friends or just getting away from it all. Spacious open floor plans, many with expansive views, and a list of high-end amenities to suit even the most refined of tastes. Rooftop swimming pool and lounge. State-of-the-art fitness center. Resident Club Lounge, with gourmet demonstration kitchen. It's all there and it's all good. Come see these Little Italy apartments for yourself by scheduling an appointment today. Features - Hardwood and slate flooring  - Built-in desk *  - Extra storage space *  - In-home washer and dryer  - 9 ft. ceilings  - Built-in shelving  - Central heating and air conditioning  - Solar shades and climate control  - Walk-in closets *  - Custom color accent walls  - Soaking tub  - Granite countertops  - Dual bathroom sinks *  - Track lighting  - Stainless steel appliances  - Built-in dry bar *  - Standalone shower *  - Built-in wine rack  - Amenities Marked with * Are Unit Specific Amenities  - Ceiling fans  - Expansive private balcony * Community Amenities - Private screening room  - Exquisite lobby entrance with fine art and waterfall  - Multi-level architecture with resort-style amenities  - Sleek, modern, boutique-style design  - Pet friendly  - Wi-Fi (complimentary in public areas)  - Great room with demonstration kitchen  - Mountain bikes available  - Dedicated concierge services  - On-site maintenance  - Heated rooftop swimming pool  - e-Lounge business lounge and conference room  - 24/7 fitness center  - Package acceptance  - Coffee bar and media lounge  - Valet dry cleaning  - Street level terrace with grilling area and fire pit  - Controlled access parking Office Hours Monday - Saturday: 9:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m. Equal Housing Opportunity 9kFxqZar

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 15:33
Price: $2498
Latitude: 32.721444
Longitude: -117.165608
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 660
