$2995 / 2br - 907ft2 - ►►Luxury All Around- 2 Bedroom Available Now◄◄ (Pacific Highlands Ranch)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Welcome home to Avino Visit Our Website @ www.AvinoLiving.comAvino Luxury Rentals at Pacific Highlands Ranch offers a heightened sense of living. Close to everything you love to taste, smell, feel, and touch - beautiful sandy beaches, the thrill of the horse races, craft breweries and upscale movie theaters, on-trend boutiques, yoga studios, and quality grocery shopping. You will appreciate farm-to-table dining, Del Mar festivals, golf, and spending time with loved ones.Avino is all about resort living and a green lifestyle. From your impressive great room to your private residents' pool and clubhouse, or your direct access garage with electric vehicle charging station to the top performing schools nearby, you recognize quality and accept nothing less. It is the good life, and you deserve it.  Call Now:  show contact info
Full Color Brochure Here:http://discover.rvmcorp.com/677cp9 This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 907 Sq. Ft. Features - Nest Learning Thermostat  - Gas Fireplace*  - Direct Access Garage  - Pre-Wired For Wall Mounted TV  - French Door Refrigerator  - No Smoking  - 5-Burner Push-In Gas Range  - Custom Tile Bathrooms  - Full-Size Washer and Dryer  - High Ceilings  - Quartz Counters  - Central A/C and Heat  - Private Patio or Balcony  - Electric Vehicle Charging  - Walk-In Closets  - Wine Fridge*  - USB Outlet Recepticles  - Large Windows  - Stainless Steel Kitchen  - 1000Mbps Broadband Capable Community Amenities - Easy Access To SR 56, Interstates 5 and 15  - Game Room with Pool Table  - Tot Lot Play Area  - Precor Equipment  - TRX Training Zone  - Pool Area Wi-Fi  - Oversized Jacuzzi  - Cycle Repair Shop  - Steam Room  - Onsite Pet Spa  - High-Tech Business Center  - Pool Cabanas With Flat Screen TV'S  - Gourmet BBQ Areas  - Steps From "The Village" At Pacific Highlands Ranch  - Dry Sauna  - Concierge Package Delivery System  - Resort Style 25-Yard Heated Saltwater Lap Pool  - Highly-Ranked, Prestigious Schools  - Solar Powered Clubhouse with Cyber Cafe  - Yoga  - Minutes From Beautiful Beaches  - State-Of-The-Art 24hr Fitness Center  - Spin Bikes  - Outdoor Fire Pit Pet Policy Breed Restrictions Apply - Call for Details Driving Directions From Interstate 5: Take SR 56 (Ted Williams Freeway) East. Exit Carmel Valley Rd. Turn left to head North on Carmel Valley Rd. Property is located across the street to the South from The Village shopping center (Trader Joe's Shopping center).From Interstate 15: Take SR 56 (Ted Williams Freeway) West. Exit Carmel Valley Rd. Turn right to head North on Carmel Valley Rd. Property is located across the street to the South from The Village shopping center (Trader Joe's Shopping center).Avino in Pacific Highlands Ranch, Carmel Valley is close to High Bluff, Del Mar Race Track, Torrey Mesa, Torrey Pines State Beach, Sorrento Valley, Sorrento Mesa, UTC, Canyon Crest, Cathedral, Sycamore Ridge Elementary, & Village Shopping with Trader Joe's. Office Hours Contact For Info Avino 5040 Camino San Fermin, San Diego, CA, 92130Equal Housing Opportunity 4M9wEk69

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 14:00
Price: $2995
Latitude: 32.959244
Longitude: -117.192879
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 907
