$2695 / 2br - 1138ft2 - Mission Valley Two bed Two bath 1138 sq ft ANY UNIT $2,695 (mission valley west)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
RENT TODAY and Experience "La Dolce Vita" at Portofino Apartment Homes in Mission Valley/San Diego.  
 Popular 1138 sq.ft. Genoa Floorplan, available TODAY for only $2,695 per month! YOU CHOOSE any unit you like; the view you like, the floor you want and much more......
Garages, Wood style flooring and Stainless Steel appliances avail in select homes,  Portofino Apartment Homes is located in the heart of Mission Valley! 
Community Features:
	Portofino's central location is in Mission Valley providing residents with easy-access commuting and an abundance of      restaurants, stores and service centers. Quick freeway access to Beaches, Downtown, and other communities in San Diego (all within 15 minutes)
	Portofino's inspiration is Tuscan/Italian demonstrated in its name, exterior style and landscaping. Providing an escape from everyday life, and the active Mission Valley lifestyle.
	396 rental homes (vs. an average of 900 rental homes) on over 20 acres of land - almost unheard of California with newer developments
	Owned and managed by a 109 year old, local, family owned company; with a long term focus meaning they put money back into the community
Service Brand:
	The staff has been trained as Relocation Specialists and serves as trusted advisors to their customers.
	We are committed to the quality of our residents experience
	We demonstrate our knowledge in a credible fashion and are consistently rated by SatisFacts Research as among the top five apartment home operators in the nation and with SDCAA MARK OF EXCELLENCE
	24 hour maintenance emergency response
	Our Maintenance Service Team have over 25 years leading service and maintenance.
 Eco-friendly living, nestled into the hills overlooking Mission Valley. Featuring a resort-style Luxury Swimming Pool & Spa, 24 Hour Fitness Center, Business Center, Outdoor Barbecue Areas with seating, Clubroom, Monthly Free Activities, and So Much More! Portofino is the perfect place to call your new home! 
January events coming - Pet Adoption, Mixology class, Trivia night and Resident Wellness Day - call for more information on our resident events
 DON'T MISS OUT ON THIS SPECIAL PRICE. Offering 12 month leases and 10-Day Holds
 Apartment Features:
➣ Granite Countertops 
     9ft Loft Ceilings 
➣ Full size in-unit Washer/ Dryer
➣ Smart NEST Thermostat (control heat & a/c from smart device)
➣ Large Living Room, perfect for entertaining
➣ Garage and 1st floor apartment home
 Visit our website for more details: Call Kimberly at  show contact info
 or  show contact info
 or visit our website at 
 www.portofinoapthomes.com
 Deposit: Only $500 OAC!
♞ Pet Animal Policy: Portofino Apartment Homes permits up to two domestic cats and/or dogs weighing no more than 100 pounds each at full grown weight per apartment.

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 16:21
Price: $2695
Latitude: 32.784088
Longitude: -117.127853
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1138
