$2250 / 2br - *ONE OF A KIND BEACH COTTAGE 2BLKS FROM WINDANSEA W/ YARD & FREE UTIL* (La Jolla)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
If you want to get away from cookie cutter apartments or tired of calling rentals "in La Jolla" that end up being actually located in UTC, then look no further! Our one-of-a-kind rustic beach cottage is located only 2 blocks from Windansea Beach in La Jolla and right down the street from the heart of La Jolla Village-yes...actually La Jolla ;) This small beach cottage has 1 bedroom plus a den/office (could be used as a bedroom if needed with a twin bed), one full bath a fully equipped kitchen, and private back yard and brick patio.
 Saltillo tile throughout the house with tons of windows and a skylight in the kitchen.
 The bedroom and den/ 2nd bedroom each have built-in closet and drawers.
 The kitchen has ceramic tile counters, stove/oven, dishwasher, refrigerator, and tons of cabinet space 
 The living room has a wood burning potbelly stove / fireplace that sits in front of a real brick accent wall. 
New ceiling fan and large sliding glass door that opens up to your private fenced in brick patio and yard that includes a built in brick BBQ and an area to plant veggies /herbs if that's your thing.
 The bathroom is a tub /shower combo with drawer and shelf space. 
There is also additional attic space for storage.
 There is a shared coin operated laundry onsite and you will receive one off street parking space.
 If all of that isn't enough, your water/sewer/trash and gas & electric are paid!
 In addition to being only 2 blocks to the beach you are next-door to The Coggan Family Aquatic Complex (http://www.cogganaquatics.org/), minutes from the Village of La Jolla, Pacific Beach, Bird Rock, the UCSD Campus, UTC Mall, and so much more. 
 Rent: $2,250
 Deposit: $2,000
 One Small Pet Considered (30 pounds or less) with additional deposit, current license and current shots.
 No Smoking
We will be showing the cottage by appointment only on THIS WEDNESDAY  (10/17) from 10AM to 11AM  in 15 minute increments.  If you are interested in scheduling a showing please reply by email or text your full name, a contact number and which time slot you would like we will reply to confirm time.
 Thank you and good luck! :)

Date Posted: October 02, 2018 at 00:15
Price: $2250
Latitude: 32.832223
Longitude: -117.274955
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
