$3346 / 3br - 1323ft2 - Enjoy a Relaxing Day of Shopping and Fabulous Meal out with Friends! (Point Loma)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
 We are now leasing!  Bark. Woof. Welcome! POINT LOMA'S NEWEST APARTMENT COMMUNITY Call Now:  show contact info
Dylan Point Loma 2930 Barnard St, San Diego, CA, 92110Interested In This Unit? Use this link for more details:http://cl.greystar.com/8g2038 This is a 3 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1323-1343 Sq. Ft.  Discover new apartments for rent at Dylan Point Loma in San Diego that are incredibly spacious and modern. Have your choice of fully appointed 1- and 2- and 3-bedroom floor plans.Inside these custom designed, oversized residences, most with garages, you'll discover light filled open plans and modern features. The signature amenities evoke a resort feeling that's distinctive yet casual, active yet relaxed.Discover a relaxed California casual lifestyle that includes a private pool, volleyball court, state of the art fitness center, dog park with wash station and so much more.Discover incredible spaces, upscale style, and signature amenities. Welcome to picture perfect.Come on in; the water's fine. Let's discover the amazing sights and scenes at Point Loma together. Welcome to everything. Features - Central Heat and Air Conditioning  - Designer Water Conservation Conscious Fixtures  - AT&T Uverse速 and/or Cox速 Available in all Homes**  - Wood Plank Style Flooring in Living Areas and Deluxe Carpeting in Bedrooms*  - Garages* (some with direct access)  - Designer Bathrooms with Quartz Countertops and Oversized Soaking Tubs with Full Tile Surrounds*  - Personal Onsite Storage  - In-Home, Full Size Whirlpool速 Washer and Dryer  - Gourmet Kitchens with Quartz Countertops, Tile Backsplashes, and European Style Cabinets*  - Whirlpool速 Stainless Steel Appliances with Gas Cooktop  - Energy Efficient Windows **Resident to arrange service and pay directly to provider. * In select units. Community Amenities - Volleyball Court  - Fitness Club equipped with State of the Art Technogym Equipment  - Pets Welcome*  - 5,500+ square foot Community Club House  - Game Lounge with High Definition Televisions and Games  - Gated Community with Garages* and Guest Parking  - Complimentary Wi-fi at Pool Area and Club Room  - Demonstration Kitchen and Club Area  - Dog Park with Complimentary Dog Wash Station  - Resort Style Saltwater Pool and Spa surrounded by Cabanas and Luxury Lounges  - Numerous BBQ Areas with Seating  - Fully equipped Conference Room *Breed restrictions apply. See Leasing Consultant for details. Pet Policy Dogs and Cats accepted. No weight limits; breed restrictions apply. Please contact us directly at  show contact info
 for more information. Office Hours M-Sat 9 am until 6 pmSun 12 pm until 5 pm Equal Housing Opportunity  Luxury Brand New Point Loma Townhomes Attached Garages Ocean Beach Mission Valley Ocean Beach Dog Beach Beach Liberty Station Sports Arena eXMpHaxuzU4e

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 14:43
Price: $3346
Latitude: 32.752051
Longitude: -117.223806
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1323
