$2695 / 2br - 1162ft2 - Mission Valley Two Bed Two Bath with garage $2,695/San Diego (mission valley west)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Portofino Apartment Homes
Apartments in San Diego, CA
Post Generated: Oct 15, 2018Call Now:  show contact info



2 Bedrooms Bed / 2.0 Bath
1162 sq. ft.

    Apartment Number: 5-104Rent: $2695Deposit: $500Available: 10/10/2018Address: 2515 Northside Dr | San Diego, CA, 92108
Link to Website: http://portofinoapthomes.com/floorplans/#/Link to Community Tour:
Office Hours:Mon-Sat: 9 AM-6 PMSun: 10 AM-5 PM




    This Apartment Features:
        9 Foot Ceilings
                
            
                
                    Breathtaking Mission Valley views from the pool and sundeck
                
            
                
                    Coat Closet upon Entry
                
            
                
                    Computer Niche Pre-Wired for High Speed Internet Connection
                
            
                
                    
                
            
                
                    Dishwasher

                     
                
            
                
                                   
            
                
                    Frost Free Refrigerator with Ice Maker
                
            
                
                    Full Size Washer/Dryer
                
            
                
                    Gas Range
                
            
                
                    Grand Foyer upon Entry
                
            
                
                    Intrusion Alarm
                
            
                
                    Linen Closet(s)
                
            
                
                    Microwave
                
            
                
                    Nest learning Central Air/Heating
                
            
                
                    Open Breakfast Bar in the Kitchen
                
            
                
                    Pantry
                
            
                
                    Roman Bathtubs
                
            
                
                    Spanish Tile at entry and kitchen area
                
            
                
                    Venetian Granite throughout Kitchen and Bath
                
            
            


    Community Description:
        There aren't many places where so many elements come together to make a place so inviting, charming and full of life.  And you'd be right.  Only this time, you haven't been whisked away to some quaint, hillside village in the Italian countryside.  As wonderful as it is to escape to this special little corner of the world, relish in the luxury of knowing that so much lies waiting just minutes away.  A leisurely walk finds you at Fenton Marketplace with myriad of shops and restaurants for every taste.  A little farther, and you're in the shopping meccas of Fashion Valley and Mission Valley Center, or maybe it's just stretching out for a more relaxed afternoon on San Diego's best beaches.  Whatever it is, you're once again certain of something- such is the life you've always desired.  Such is life.  You've just come home. To Portofino.
        

        Pet Friendly 

        
        
        Community Amenities
            
            Pets Welcome (up to 100 pounds)
            
            Easy Access to Freeways
            
            Access to Public Transportation
            
            Solar Power for 90% of Common Areas Electricity
            
            Inspiring water features throughout community
            
            Breathtaking Mission Valley views from the pool and sundeck
            
            Beautiful Landscaping
            
            Controlled Gated Access
            
            Carport Parking
            
            Assigned Parking (covered & uncovered)
            
            Guest Parking Available throughout community
            
            Free Wi-Fi Hotspots
            
            Poolside Cabanas and BBQ area
            
            Outdoor BBQ island with seating
            
            Luxurious Spa surrounded by an infinity edge fountain
            
            24 Hour Sports Club with state-of-the-art equipment
            
            Club Room with Full Kitchen, Media Center, and Pool Table
            
            Computerized Business Center
            
            24 Hour Package Room
            
            24 Hour Emergency Maintenance
            
            Nightly Courtesy Patrol
            
            Valet Dry Cleaning
            
            Corporate Housing Available
            
        Interior Amenities
            
            Custom Plank "wood style" Flooring Available
            
            Custom Paint Available
            
            Venetian Granite throughout Kitchen and Bath
            
            Gourmet Kitchen with oversized counters & breakfast bar
            
            Island Kitchen (Bernini and Florentina  floor plans)
            
            Abundant Counter and Cabinet Space (Pantries)
            
            Dishwasher
            
            Microwave
            
            Frost Free Refrigerator with Ice Maker
            
            Gas Range
            
            Full Size Washer/Dryer
            
            Nest learning Central Air/Heating
            
            Roman Bathtubs
            
            9 Foot Ceilings (10 Foot in La Scala loft floor plan)
            
            Spanish Tile at entry and kitchen area
            
            Coat Closet upon Entry
            
            Private Patio or Balcony
            
            Computer Niche Pre-Wired for High Speed Internet Connection
            
            Spacious Walk-In Closets
            
            Mirrored Wardrobe Closets
            
            Linen closets in bathrooms to maximize storage space
            
            Fireplace (3rd floor two and three bedroom homes)
            
            Intrusion Alarm (1st floor homes)
            
        Lifestyle Amenities
            
            Regular Fitness classes (2 per week)
            
            Gourmet Food Truck Events (1 per week)
            
            Monthly Mimosa Sunday Brunch with Professional Chef
            
            Monthly Cooking Classes with Professional Chef
            
            Outdoor "Movie Under the Stars" Events
            
            Pet of the Month Program with Prizes
            
            Pool/Holiday parties and much more...
            
        

About this posting: 2 Bedrooms / 2.0 Bath Apartment, 1162 sq. ft., Rent: $2725, Deposit: $500

All prices subject to change.

Date Posted: October 02, 2018 at 10:06
Price: $2695
Latitude: 32.784088
Longitude: -117.127853
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1162
