$1450 / 475ft2 - Move In Today! $500 OFF First Month! Spacious Studio Apartment! (2185 Chatsworth Boulevard)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        

Elan Loma Highlands

http://elanlomahighlands.prospectportal.com/su/xny7g7


Elan Loma Highlands Apartment Homes for rent in Point Loma, CA is a small beach community with extraordinary views of the Pacific Ocean. While residing with us, you can go to the beach, of course, or visit the Famous Liberty Station, formerly the site of San Diego's Naval Training Center and full of rich history and culture with unique museums and historic buildings.  
The community offers spacious studios, one and two bedroom floor plans with equipped kitchen, accommodating living room,  balcony/patio in select units, and mirror panel closet doors. The community also boasts a lush landscaping, on-site laundry facilities, assigned parking, and friendly on-site Staff with full-time emergency Maintenance to meet all your maintenance needs. Elan Loma Highlands welcomes cats; please see our pet policy as certain restrictions may apply.
Point Loma is San Diego's best kept secret. Look for a low tide and visit the Point Loma tide pools, or enjoy a concert by the bay at Humphreys. Take a day trip to Shelter Island Memorial, or go on a seasonal whale watching trip. For your convenience, Robb Field, Downtown San Diego, Balboa Park, Petco Park, Gaslamp Quarter, Seaport Village, and the world-famous San Diego Zoo are just minutes away. Come home to Elan Loma Highlands and enjoy easy living in Point Loma.
 
Floor Plan: Optimo

Sq Feet:
475


Rent: 
$1450


Deposit: 
500+	


Bed/Bath: 0/1
Community Amenities
Gated Community
Lush Landscaping
24 Hour Maintenance
Full Service Laundry Facility
Close Proximity to Shopping, Dining, & Entertainment
Contact Us
Elan Loma Highlands				

Address:2185 Chatsworth Boulevard, San Diego, CA  92107

Phone: show contact info


Online:http://elanlomahighlands.prospectportal.com/su/xny7g7
					
Office Hours:

Mon: By Appointment

Tue: By Appointment

Wed: By Appointment

Thu: By Appointment

Fri: By Appointment

Sat: By Appointment

Sun: By Appointment
EQUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITY



Cat, Gated Community, Close Proximity to Shopping, Dining, & Entertainment, 24 Hours OnSite Laundry Facility, Elan Loma Highlands, Lush Landscaping, Apartments to rent

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 11:35
Price: $1450
Latitude: 32.739246
Longitude: -117.228048
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 475
