$3267 / 3br - 1267ft2 - Not your usual apartment! Condo-style living that feels like a home! (UTC, La Jolla)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Meditate in Your New Home San Diego Apartments in the Golden Triangle and minutes to Westfield UTC Mall Call Now:  show contact info
Valentia 5305 Toscana Way, San Diego, CA, 92122Interested In This Unit? Use this link for more details:http://lease.sheaservice.com/ey6L49 This is a 3 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1.267 Sq. Ft.  Enjoy fine dining at restaurants perched atop La Jolla's jagged cliffs. Shop at the Design District, a four-block stretch along Girard Avenue, visit boutique-lined streets gemmed with art and gifts, or spend the day with friends at the nearby Nobel Athletic Fields and Recreation Center. Indulge in the soft sand beaches, with year-round vacation sunshine and the Pacific Ocean's watercolor sunsets. From the village to the cove, La Jolla truly is the jewel of Southern California with its isolated coves, world class golf, incredible dining and amazing shopping.And La Jolla has a rental community to match at our community. This boutique collection of condominium style apartments offers you the lifestyle you deserve - chic, versatile and so convenient. Our community features a newly remodeled resident lounge with gaming and billiards table, business center, fitness center, racquetball courts, swimming pools, spas and saunas.Each La Jolla rental comes with raised panel cabinetry, hearty wood flooring, designer paint, custom lighting and granite countertops. It's chic, versatile, and convenient. In addition to amazing upgrades and a fabulous location, you'll enjoy exceptional care and attention from Shea Apartment Communities.*Located in the employment mecca of the Golden Triangle and just blocks to upscale UTC mall*Across the street from the Nobel Athletic Fields and Recreation Center with over 30 acres of recreation including sports fields, dog park, playground, gymnasium/recreation center, library and BBQ and picnic areas.*Upgraded interior finishes including granite countertops, wood flooring, designer paint and Whirlpool appliances*Modern amenities including resident lounge, business center, conference area and fitness center Features - Amenities May Vary by Floor Plan and Location  - Roman Shaped Bathtub and Separate Shower  - Walk-in Closets  - Pet Friendly Apartments Available  - Refrigerator with Ice Maker  - Three Bedroom, Two Bath Floor Plan  - Full-sized Washer/Dryer  - Breakfast Counter and Kitchen Pantry  - White Cabinetry with Brushed Chrome Hardware  - Designer Paint, Lighting and Crown Molding  - Oversized Windows with Horizontal Window Treatments  - Granite Countertops  - Multiple Phone and Cable Lines  - Wood Flooring in Kitchen  - Whirlpool Appliances including Electric Range and Microwave  - Flat Panel Doors with Lever Hardware  - Huge Private Patio or Balcony  - Nine-foot and Vaulted Ceilings  - Central Heat and Air Conditioning  - Wood-Burning Fireplace with Hearth Community Amenities - Fitness Center with Cardio and Weight Training Equipment  - Across the street from the 30-acre Nobel Athletic Fields and Recreation Center with Sports Fields, Dog Park, Playground, Library, Gymnasium and BBQ and Picnic Areas  - Located in the Exclusive Master-planned Community of Renaissance-La Jolla with Lush Walkways, Exquisite Fountains and Waterscapes and Renaissance Village Shopping Square  - Controlled Access Garages with Reserved Parking  - Private Courtyards with BBQ and Picnic Area  - Resident Lounge with TV's, Billiards Table and Gaming  - Men's and Women's Sauna  - Rent to Own Program  - Just Blocks from the Upscale UTC Shoping Mall  - Smoke-free Community  - Business Center  - Resort-style Pools and Spas  - Indoor Raquetball Courts  - Skyline and Sunset Views  - Planned Resident Events  - Gate-controlled Subterranean Parking with Elevator Access to all Floors  - Exclusive Resident Social Hub Pet Policy Pet friendly. Fees and breed restrictions apply. Please contact us for details. Driving Directions From the 805 Freeway:Exit west onto La Jolla Village Drive. Turn left onto Towne Center Drive and left again onto Renaissance Avenue. Go past the stop sign and turn right onto Toscana Way. Make a right into the first driveway and the leasing center is straight ahead. Office Hours Monday - Saturday: 9 a.m. - 6 p.m.Sunday: 11 a.m. - 5 p.m.  The rental rates listed above are based on a 12+ month lease term with immediate move-in. Shorter term leases and longer hold periods are available with a monthly upcharge. Pricing deemed reliable but not guaranteed and can change without notice. CA BL DRE #01382566Equal Housing Opportunity  san diego apartments apartments san diego la jolla apartments apartments la jolla san diego la jolla CVl0uxbth

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 13:08
Price: $3267
Latitude: 32.869117
Longitude: -117.201419
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1267
