$2405 / 612ft2 - Jr. 1 Bedroom with 4 Weeks Free Rent!

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a Studio, 1 Bath, approximately 612 Sq. Ft. 
A collection of 129 boutique apartments and penthouses rising from a former aviation factory. Each home finessed to a standard like nothing else around. Honest aviation heritage meets industrial design. Embracing the neighborhood's historic legacy of community, craftsmanship and commitment to authenticity.
Modern, waterfront living with hotel-inspired finishes - from sophisticated interiors and communal spaces to the convenient amenities and on-demand services. Located in San Diego's most walkable community, with renowned restaurants, breweries, bars, and community events just outside your door. Even a weekday will feel like the weekend. 
Features:
Oversized large view, dual-pane energy-efficient windows, Wood plank style flooring, Waterfront views*, Large walk-closets, Penthouses with oversized balconies*, USB charging outlets, Stainless steel appliances with 5 burner gas cooktop, LED lighting, Full-height porcelain backsplashes, Spacious private balconies or patios*, Full-size Energy Star washer & gas dryer, Designer bathrooms with quartz slab counters and porcelain tile shower surrounds, Quartz slab countertops 
Community Amenities:
Interactive building amenities and wayfinding feature, Package Concierge, Area businesses and services map with text messaging capability, Indoor community table with seating for 14, Designer fireplaces to keep you warm under the stars, Bike storage, Historic aviation factory façade, Seating designed for any mood, Pool table and TV lounge, Lounge in our cabanas with speakers you can personalize, 5th floor viewing and entertainment areas, Outdoor community table with seating for 14, Trash Valet, Charging stations, Feel the burn with workouts in as little as 25 minutes, Social spaces designed to make you the "hostus mostus", Uber/Lyft waiting area for residents and guests, Two outdoor BBQs, Convenient and secure fob entry access, Searchable building directory, Indoor/ outdoor clubroom with pull-away doors for views of Waterfront park, Options include Cardio, Strength, and TRX, Indoor prep kitchen, Indoor fireplace and modern seating, Grab-and-go coffee bar, Complimentary Wi-Fi, On-demand fitness available 24/7, On-trend content from leading brands 
Pet Policy:
Animal friendly community
Pet spa with washing and drying station 
Use the link below for more details:
http://cl.greystar.com/4q81k6
Equal Housing Opportunity 
Zcy7DQ7s

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 11:27
Price: $2405
Latitude: 32.718500
Longitude: -117.159300
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 612
