$1700 / 1br - Ultra Charming Beach Cottage/Partially Furnished (1064 Hornblend St)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
In search of something special?  You found it! One of five old PB cottage-type apartments that has been fully renovated, modernized and made into a delightful beach residence that you will love to call home. Not only does it have what everyone wants (walk to beach, assigned parking and no charge laundry), the cottage offers one of the few useable outside entertainment areas in PB which includes a two grill BBQ with plenty of seating for fun gatherings.  That's why one resident has lived at the property for 28 years!
One special feature of the cottage is that the living room comes equipped with a sleeper-sofa and two clothes closets. The living room has direct access to the bathroom. This feature will enable you to accommodate overnight house guests. 
For furniture,  all that you will need is a bed no larger than a queen. 
The living room with its slate and tile encased electric fireplace will  impress all who enter the room.  The fireplace has a realistic flame and is easy to operate. The fireplace is just part of the ambiance. You will appreciate  the open beam ceilings, the Western cedar paneling (accent wall), the large bay window with plantation  shutters,  the ceiling fan, the mood/ indirect & recessed lighting, the built-in granite desk, the built-in cabinets and furniture, the file cabinet, the beautiful tile floors, and the great mix of colors and materials.  The abundant use of granite and interesting artistic touches enhance the enjoyment of the living space.
The ambiance continues through the archway and into the kitchen.  The kitchen is equipped with a gas oven/burners,  refrigerator/freezer, microwave, and  garbage disposal.  A large skylight brings in lots of light.  Attractive wooden cabinets.  Built-in granite table w/2 wooden chairs.  Wood Wainscot paneling. Artistic touches. Interesting lighting. From the kitchen you can exit to your own private, glass-covered patio.  Dining for at least four on the granite table w/ bench seating.   Granite shelving w/garden work bench. Lighted. Beautiful tile floor. 
The bedroom has its own impressive features.  Large window w/ plantation shutters.  Ceiling fan, built-in granite headboard, granite night stands, granite desk, recessed lighting and large clothes closet.  
The bathroom has a full tub under a skylight.  Attractive cabinets. Interesting artwork. Beautiful tile floors.
Outside find a fantastic BBQ/entertainment area.  Consider: one wood/charcoal grill w/ fan exhaust and one propane grill.  Two large cement/tile tables (seats 12); granite bench seating; granite serving counter; lighted; powered; partially-covered; block floor and private to the street.  Enjoy a wall of pleasantly fragrant star jasmine while you entertain friends.  Much room to host parties and to enjoy the outdoors.  
In all, 3 separate  areas to dine  and to entertain.  
Great place to live.  Easy to maintain.  A home that you will enjoy to live in. Must see to appreciate. 
The cottage comes with its own private, outside 4'X4' storage locker.  
No tobacco smoking, no marijuana smoking in the cottage or on the property.  Lease and $2,500 US Dollar security deposit required.  Credit/eviction/criminal history reports required.  Income verification required.  Water Extra $50.00 per month.  Gas and electric not included.  Available now. Call LRL Property Management for additional information and inspection.  Tel.  show contact info
 ask for Lawrence.

Date Posted: October 08, 2018 at 07:50
Price: $1700
Latitude: 32.796705
Longitude: -117.250363
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
