$1745 / 2br - Fresno Terrace!!  2 Bedroom!! Great Location!! Onsite Laundry!! (Fashion Valley)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Welcome Home To Fresno Terrace!!
Feel right at home in this great 2 bedroom 1 bath apartment home!!
Fresno Terrace is a beautiful apartment home community in San Diego, California. With easy access to I-5 and I-8, your favorite shopping, dining, and entertainment destinations are at your fingertips. Outdoor enthusiasts will love our close proximity to the many parks and recreational activities in San Diego County. Experience the best of Southern California living when you come home to Fresno Terrace.
Choose from our exceptional one and two bedroom floor plans, uniquely designed with the amenities that you deserve. Our standard features include an all-electric kitchen, hardwood floors, and crown molding. We offer our residents a life comfort and enjoyment. You're sure to find what you're looking for here at Fresno Terrace.
From the moment you arrive, you'll feel like you've come home. Our community presents an abundance of amenities suited for a gratifying lifestyle. Our professional team is dedicated to providing quick and excellent service when you need it. Schedule a tour today and discover what you've been searching for at Fresno Terrace. 
This complex is within walking distance to University of San Diego, minutes from Fashion Valley and Mission Valley, quick access to 163 freeway and close to 8 and 5 freeways.     
Apartment Features
 All-electric Kitchen
 Crown Molding
 Gas Heaters
 Microwave
 Mirrored Closet Doors
 Refrigerator
Community Amenities
 Close to Beaches
 Easy Access to College
 Easy Access to Freeways
 Easy Access to Shopping
 Laundry Facility
 On-call Maintenance
We would love to show you a unit!!  
Please call  show contact info
 
www.myfresnoterraceapts.com/
Proudly Managed by Hoban Management

Date Posted: October 10, 2018 at 15:23
Price: $1745
Latitude: 32.766651
Longitude: -117.187725
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
