$3177 / 3br - 1267ft2 - Prices have dropped! Rent a 3b/2b Today! Opt Pets, Mall, Garage (UTC, La Jolla)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Welcome Home. Imagine Yourself Living Here! San Diego Apartments in the Golden Triangle and minutes to Westfield UTC Mall Call Now:  show contact info
Valentia 5305 Toscana Way, San Diego, CA, 92122Follow This Link for More Information:http://lease.sheaservice.com/105d2r This is a 3 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1.267 Sq. Ft.  Enjoy fine dining at restaurants perched atop La Jolla's jagged cliffs. Shop at the Design District, a four-block stretch along Girard Avenue, visit boutique-lined streets gemmed with art and gifts, or spend the day with friends at the nearby Nobel Athletic Fields and Recreation Center. Indulge in the soft sand beaches, with year-round vacation sunshine and the Pacific Ocean's watercolor sunsets. From the village to the cove, La Jolla truly is the jewel of Southern California with its isolated coves, world class golf, incredible dining and amazing shopping.And La Jolla has a rental community to match at our community. This boutique collection of condominium style apartments offers you the lifestyle you deserve - chic, versatile and so convenient. Our community features a newly remodeled resident lounge with gaming and billiards table, business center, fitness center, racquetball courts, swimming pools, spas and saunas.Each La Jolla rental comes with raised panel cabinetry, hearty wood flooring, designer paint, custom lighting and granite countertops. It's chic, versatile, and convenient. In addition to amazing upgrades and a fabulous location, you'll enjoy exceptional care and attention from Shea Apartment Communities.*Located in the employment mecca of the Golden Triangle and just blocks to upscale UTC mall*Across the street from the Nobel Athletic Fields and Recreation Center with over 30 acres of recreation including sports fields, dog park, playground, gymnasium/recreation center, library and BBQ and picnic areas.*Upgraded interior finishes including granite countertops, wood flooring, designer paint and Whirlpool appliances*Modern amenities including resident lounge, business center, conference area and fitness center Features - Granite Countertops  - Wood Flooring in Kitchen  - Huge Private Patio or Balcony  - Whirlpool Appliances including Electric Range and Microwave  - Wood-Burning Fireplace with Hearth  - Breakfast Counter and Kitchen Pantry  - Pet Friendly Apartments Available  - Designer Paint, Lighting and Crown Molding  - Multiple Phone and Cable Lines  - Amenities May Vary by Floor Plan and Location  - Central Heat and Air Conditioning  - Full-sized Washer/Dryer  - Oversized Windows with Horizontal Window Treatments  - Refrigerator with Ice Maker  - White Cabinetry with Brushed Chrome Hardware  - Roman Shaped Bathtub and Separate Shower  - Nine-foot and Vaulted Ceilings  - Three Bedroom, Two Bath Floor Plan  - Walk-in Closets  - Flat Panel Doors with Lever Hardware Community Amenities - Smoke-free Community  - Business Center  - Skyline and Sunset Views  - Fitness Center with Cardio and Weight Training Equipment  - Men's and Women's Sauna  - Exclusive Resident Social Hub  - Indoor Raquetball Courts  - Located in the Exclusive Master-planned Community of Renaissance-La Jolla with Lush Walkways, Exquisite Fountains and Waterscapes and Renaissance Village Shopping Square  - Resort-style Pools and Spas  - Private Courtyards with BBQ and Picnic Area  - Controlled Access Garages with Reserved Parking  - Planned Resident Events  - Rent to Own Program  - Resident Lounge with TV's, Billiards Table and Gaming  - Gate-controlled Subterranean Parking with Elevator Access to all Floors  - Across the street from the 30-acre Nobel Athletic Fields and Recreation Center with Sports Fields, Dog Park, Playground, Library, Gymnasium and BBQ and Picnic Areas  - Just Blocks from the Upscale UTC Shoping Mall Pet Policy Pet friendly. Fees and breed restrictions apply. Please contact us for details. Driving Directions From the 805 Freeway:Exit west onto La Jolla Village Drive. Turn left onto Towne Center Drive and left again onto Renaissance Avenue. Go past the stop sign and turn right onto Toscana Way. Make a right into the first driveway and the leasing center is straight ahead. Office Hours Monday - Saturday: 9 a.m. - 6 p.m.Sunday: 11 a.m. - 5 p.m.  The rental rates listed above are based on a 12+ month lease term with immediate move-in. Shorter term leases and longer hold periods are available with a monthly upcharge. Pricing deemed reliable but not guaranteed and can change without notice. CA BL DRE #01382566Equal Housing Opportunity  san diego apartments apartments san diego la jolla apartments apartments la jolla san diego la jolla 6B5H73sV7R

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 09:42
Price: $3177
Latitude: 32.869063
Longitude: -117.201462
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1267
