$2050 / 2br - 957ft2 - Nine Foot Ceilings, Oven, Gas BBQ Area, Refrigerator, Two Tone Paint (Lemon Grove)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 957 Sq. Ft. 
Celsius Living -experience a future forward lifestyle that challenges the ordinary.
Embrace the unexpected - dwell in the hottest eco savvy apartments that fuse modern design elements and a vibrant lifestyle. 
Celsius delivers a full spectrum of smart living choices. Hike, bike, or ride. Chill out or turn up the heat to quench your desires. At whatever tempo you choose to live - Celsius takes it up a notch with a refreshing urban centric approach. 
Engage in the unexpected gathering on the Sundeck terrace, walk the dog down the promenade, join a game of pool in the lounge, ride the trolley to downtown San Diego.
Celsius elevates this comfortable, laid-back East County locale with a current vibe.
Celsius - connected to keep life cool.
Features:
Two Tone Paint, Refrigerator, Oven, Nine Foot Ceilings, Hardwood style flooring in living areas with two color stains to choose from, Kitchen Island or peninsula, Central Heating and Air Conditioning, Energy Efficient GE stainless kitchen appliances, One, Two and three bedroom apartment homes, Dishwasher, Sophisticated design and contemporary features including quartz counter tops, Full size, high efficiency in home washer & dryer, Sleek espresso cabinetry enhanced with contemporary door pulls, Private balconies with personal storage space available, Microwave 
Community Amenities:
Urban Living in the Heart of Lemon Grove which boasts the "best climate on earth", Sundeck Terrace with Lounge Seating, Gas BBQ Area, Walkable neighborhood at the Main Street Promenade linear park and Farmers Market with an 89 walking score, 24-Hour Emergency Maintenance, Non Smoking community, Parcel Lockers with email/text notifications, Wifi in all common areas, Online rent payment and service request option, Dog Park, Great room with 75" TV for viewing and pool table, Gated Entrance, Trolley close for easy commuting, State of the art Fitness Center, Professional On-Site Management, Electrical vehicle charging stations, Ideally Situated Near the 94 and 15 Freeways, Pet Friendly** 
See our property details here:
http://live.fpimgt.com/6p6e32
Equal Housing Opportunity 
lQfZ4EOf87

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 14:22
Price: $2050
Latitude: 32.733200
Longitude: -117.032600
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 957
