$3595 / 3br - 1205ft2 - **3 Bedroom w/ Attached Garage Available Now! Come Tour Today! (Pacific Highlands Ranch)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Welcome home to Avino Visit Our Website @ www.AvinoLiving.comAvino Luxury Rentals at Pacific Highlands Ranch offers a heightened sense of living. Close to everything you love to taste, smell, feel, and touch - beautiful sandy beaches, the thrill of the horse races, craft breweries and upscale movie theaters, on-trend boutiques, yoga studios, and quality grocery shopping. You will appreciate farm-to-table dining, Del Mar festivals, golf, and spending time with loved ones.Avino is all about resort living and a green lifestyle. From your impressive great room to your private residents' pool and clubhouse, or your direct access garage with electric vehicle charging station to the top performing schools nearby, you recognize quality and accept nothing less. It is the good life, and you deserve it.  Call Now:  show contact info
Interested In This Unit? Use this link for more details:http://discover.rvmcorp.com/29q525 This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1122 Sq. Ft. Features - Stainless Steel Kitchen  - Full-Size Washer and Dryer  - Central A/C and Heat  - French Door Refrigerator  - High Ceilings  - Electric Vehicle Charging  - Gas Fireplace*  - 1000Mbps Broadband Capable  - Direct Access Garage  - Private Patio or Balcony  - Wine Fridge*  - Quartz Counters  - Custom Tile Bathrooms  - No Smoking  - Nest Learning Thermostat  - Large Windows  - Pre-Wired For Wall Mounted TV  - 5-Burner Push-In Gas Range  - USB Outlet Recepticles  - Walk-In Closets Community Amenities - Steps From "The Village" At Pacific Highlands Ranch  - Highly-Ranked, Prestigious Schools  - State-Of-The-Art 24hr Fitness Center  - Precor Equipment  - Oversized Jacuzzi  - Pool Cabanas With Flat Screen TV'S  - Spin Bikes  - Easy Access To SR 56, Interstates 5 and 15  - Solar Powered Clubhouse with Cyber Cafe  - Gourmet BBQ Areas  - High-Tech Business Center  - Outdoor Fire Pit  - Minutes From Beautiful Beaches  - Yoga  - Resort Style 25-Yard Heated Saltwater Lap Pool  - Dry Sauna  - Cycle Repair Shop  - Game Room with Pool Table  - Tot Lot Play Area  - Onsite Pet Spa  - Steam Room  - TRX Training Zone  - Pool Area Wi-Fi  - Concierge Package Delivery System Pet Policy Breed Restrictions Apply - Call for Details Driving Directions From Interstate 5: Take SR 56 (Ted Williams Freeway) East. Exit Carmel Valley Rd. Turn left to head North on Carmel Valley Rd. Property is located across the street to the South from The Village shopping center (Trader Joe's Shopping center).From Interstate 15: Take SR 56 (Ted Williams Freeway) West. Exit Carmel Valley Rd. Turn right to head North on Carmel Valley Rd. Property is located across the street to the South from The Village shopping center (Trader Joe's Shopping center).Avino in Pacific Highlands Ranch, Carmel Valley is close to High Bluff, Del Mar Race Track, Torrey Mesa, Torrey Pines State Beach, Sorrento Valley, Sorrento Mesa, UTC, Canyon Crest, Cathedral, Sycamore Ridge Elementary, & Village Shopping with Trader Joe's. Office Hours Contact For Info Avino 5040 Camino San Fermin, San Diego, CA, 92130Equal Housing Opportunity 8LkJvkDlO

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 09:48
Price: $3595
Latitude: 32.959100
Longitude: -117.192192
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1205
