$2950 / 3br - 1366ft2 - Vinyl wood flooring, Energy Star Rated Washer & Dryer, Private Garage (Scripps Ranch)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
A Life-Long Learning Community Ascent at Campus of Life, A Life-Long Learning CommunityLive on our engaging Lifelong Learning Campus in a dynamic learning environment for those who believe that true living is all about learning. Our program is driven by the "growth mindset" model, which fosters a creative, continuous, and affirmative approach to learning, built on the assumption that an ever-growing mind creates a happy life, at any age.Please visit https://tours.virtuance.com/public/vtour/display/1034602?idx=1#!/to view stunning photos of the interior of Ascent at Campus of Life.Ascent is the luxurious residential housing at Campus of Life, for those who aim higher. Set in the desirable residential locale of Scripps Ranch amid a mature Eucalyptus grove, Ascent at Campus of Life offers exceptional finishes and desired amenities.Our community was created for people who are passionate about life and Ascent at Campus of Life offers an extraordinary array of learning and growth opportunities. Enriching lives with new skills is part of our extensive amenities. We offer everything from wellness and nutritional courses to arts and intellectual growth classes and provide a lecture hall, classrooms, library and computer lab for our residents' enjoyment. For those who choose not to settle for less, Ascent at Campus of Life offers choices to take life to the next level. Life feels better at Ascent at Campus of Life, A Life-Long Learning Community. We combine your everyday commitments with our flexible, diverse curriculum, customized to you. Enrollment in eight units of Campus of Life coursework is required for the campus residences. Tuition for the required 8 credit units per semester included.Days at Ascent at Campus of Life start with yoga and fitness classes, socializing with neighbors, or escaping to nearby hiking and cycling paths. Neighboring shops, markets and an abundance of restaurants are perfect afternoon getaways. In the evening, prepare a gourmet meal in your spacious kitchen or seek out tastings at one of the local breweries.More than just a home, Ascent at Campus of Life is an ideal setting for those who wish to enjoy everything life has to offer. Freeway close and minutes to all the features and benefits of San Diego, life feels better at Ascent at Campus of Life.Please visit www.campusoflife.com to obtain more information on the Campus of Life.  Call Now:  show contact info
 x 45OR Text 45 to  show contact info
 to text us.Want more information? Follow this link:http://avenue5.aptfeatures.com/4Lgo65 This is a 3 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1366 Sq. Ft. Features - Under mount stainless steel sink with pull out chrome faucet  - Vinyl wood flooring  - Patio/Balcony  - Quartz-style countertops  - Stainless Steel, Energy Star rated appliances - Dishwasher, Disposal, Microwave, Refrigerator, and Electric Range  - Energy Star Rated Washer & Dryer  - Ample closet space  - High speed internet  - Cable Ready Community Amenities - Private Garage  - Smoke free community  - Enrollment to The Campus of Life  - Continuing education credits available* See associate for details  - Electricity Included  - Pet friendly  - Easy Freeway Access * See associate for details Pet Policy Ascent at Campus of Life welcomes your pet! We allow up to two pets per home. Additional deposits and breed restrictions apply. Your pets will love it here! * Ascent at Campus of Life 10785 Pomerado Road, San Diego, CA, 92131Equal Housing Opportunity Y6eAfokj

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 13:23
Price: $2950
Latitude: 32.902175
Longitude: -117.087457
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1366
