$1595 / 1br - 480ft2 - AMAZING PRICE TO LIVE DOWNTOWN - SPACIOUS STUDIO (1080 Park Boulevard, Unit 908)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Description

Amazing downtown studio condo in the heart of the East Village. This condo has an efficient and open floor plan. It has floor to ceiling windows that flow out onto your private balcony large enough for hanging out and enjoying views spanning from the Coronado bridge and beyond.  This is a 9th floor unit high above the lively neighborhood with restaurants, bars and shopping just below.  The unit is quiet and private and serene.  Featuring an open kitchen, an in unit washer and dryer and plenty of storage space.

The Smart Corner complex features great amenities including one of the only true rooftop entertaining experiences in all of San Diego.  This space includes a rooftop spa, sun bathing chais lounge chairs, and an outdoor kitchen perfect for grilling and entertaining.  There is a gym with state of the art equipment on the 2nd floor.  

This unit includes a safe and secure underground parking space although you wont need a car due to this buildings proximity to the trolley and bus lines. 

FOLLOW THESE EASY STEPS TO SCHEDULE A SHOWING: We use an automated system to ensure that you can schedule a showing. Please fill out the Tenant Turner fields on this page. If you don't see the Tenant Turner field then simply call  show contact info
. You will be sent a text message with available times and to finalize your showing appointment. Follow all the steps and make sure that you confirm your time slot.
Smart Corner is an urban retreat in the heart of the East Village Neighborhood.  It is conveniently located near Freeway 163, I-5, Hwy 94, Petco Park, the Gaslamp Quarter and Balboa Park.  There is a trolley station located directly below the building giving residents added convenience and access to public transportation.

Features
Microwave
    Air conditioning
    Refrigerator
    Garage parking
    Laundry room / hookups
    
    Parking
    Fitness center
    Club house

Date Posted: October 29, 2018 at 12:16
Price: $1595
Latitude: 32.719406
Longitude: -117.153793
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 480
