$2195 / 1br - 729ft2 - Large 1/1, Mission Valley, Wood Style Floors (Mission Valley)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
 IMMERSE YOURSELF Eco-Friendly Resort Apartments in Mission Valley, CA Call Now:  show contact info
Aquatera Apartment Homes 5777 Mission Center Road, San Diego, CA, 92108Interested in more information? See link below:http://hgfenton.aptfeatures.com/79L3e7 This is a 729 Sq. Ft., 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, Apartment Home. Life at Aquatera, truly is coming home and getting away all at once. Enter the gates and you know you've escaped. Waterfalls, fountains and beautiful, natural plants soothe your eyes. The private clubroom is your playground, unwind in the refreshing saltwater pool and spa, retreat to the private cabanas or energize yourself with a complete workout indoors. Invite friends to gaming nights featuring XBOX1 and PS4, enjoy the impressive observation deck or join a chef lead cooking demonstration. The possibilities are limitless; mix, mingle, stretch and breathe deeply. You're home. Features - 9' ceilings  - Decorative niches and architectural details  - Refrigerator with ice maker  - Backing to hang flat screen television on living room wall  - Stainless steel appliances  - Light dimmers throughout home  - Dishwasher  - Pantry*  - Hardwood cherry cabinets  - Full size front-load washer/dryer  - Central heat/air conditioning  - Microwave  - Pre-wired for high speed connection  - Gas range  - Direct access to garage*  - Granite countertops  - Ceramic tile floor at entry, kitchen & baths  - Large walk-in closets  - Private patio or balcony  - Intrusion alarms  - Lighting motion sensors in baths  - Roman bathtub in master baths*  - NEST Smart thermostats with web enabled remote control *in select plans Community Amenities - Cascading hillside waterfall with seating area and barbecue  - Observation decks  - Valet Dry Cleaning  - 24-hour emergency maintenance  - Fitness Program with Complimentary Fitness classes  - Gaming center with XBOX1, PS4, and billiards  - Sunday Continental Brunch (weekly)  - Professional culinary kitchen  - Private outdoor cabanas with 46' HDTVs  - Gourmet Food Truck service (weekly)  - Gated community  - Expansive sun deck  - 24 hour sports club with state-of-the-art weight and cardio stations, free weights, personal television screen monitors and i-pod docks  - CAT-5 and fiberoptic ready  - 24-hour Cyber café and lounge  - Electric Vehicle Charging Stations  - Courtesy patrol  - Refreshing saltwater swimming pool  - Private tanning bay  - Spa  - Inspiring water features throughout community  - FREE Starbucks Coffee station  - Wine and Canvas events  - FREE Wi-Fi hotspots  - Outdoor conversation seating areas  - Gift Wrapping station  - Outdoor barbecue islands  - 10,000 sq. ft. club room  - Fire pit lounge  - Poolside menu and towel service  - Professional Culinary Demonstration Classe Pet Policy 2 Pets Per ApartmentsNo weight limit for DogsPet fees apply and Breed restrictions apply Office Hours Monday-Saturday 9am to 6pmSunday 10am to 5pm Equal Housing Opportunity CIYzrp9Tx6

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 11:18
Price: $2195
Latitude: 32.779929
Longitude: -117.153836
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 729
