$2435 / 2br - 1160ft2 - Private Garage, Patio/Balcony, Pet friendly, Ample closet space (Scripps Ranch)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
A Life-Long Learning Community Our community was created for people who are passionate about life and Ascent at Campus of Life offers an extraordinary array of learning and growth opportunities. Enriching lives with new skills is part of our extensive amenities. We offer everything from wellness and nutritional courses to arts and intellectual growth classes and provide a lecture hall, classrooms, library and computer lab for our residents' enjoyment. For those who choose not to settle for less, Ascent at Campus of Life offers choices to take life to the next level.Please visit https://tours.virtuance.com/public/vtour/display/1034602?idx=1#!/to view stunning photos of the interior of Ascent at Campus of Life.~Energy Star Rated Washer & Dryer~Quartz-style countertops~Vinyl wood flooring~Stainless Steel, Energy Star rated appliances - Dishwasher, Disposal, Microwave, Refrigerator, and Electric Range~Under mount stainless steel sink with pull out chrome faucet~Cable Ready~Ample closet space~High speed internet~Patio/Balcony ~Smoke free community~Private Garage~Electricity Included~Pet friendly~Easy Freeway Access~Enrollment to The Campus of Life ~Continuing education credits available* See associate for details* See associate for detailsPlease visit www.campusoflife.com to obtain more information on the Campus of Life.Ascent at Campus of Life, A Life-Long Learning CommunityLive on our engaging Lifelong Learning Campus in a dynamic learning environment for those who believe that true living is all about learning. Our program is driven by the "growth mindset" model, which fosters a creative, continuous, and affirmative approach to learning, built on the assumption that an ever-growing mind creates a happy life, at any age.Ascent is the luxurious residential housing at Campus of Life, for those who aim higher. Set in the desirable residential locale of Scripps Ranch amid a mature Eucalyptus grove, Ascent at Campus of Life offers exceptional finishes and desired amenities.Days at Ascent at Campus of Life start with yoga and fitness classes, socializing with neighbors, or escaping to nearby hiking and cycling paths. Neighboring shops, markets and an abundance of restaurants are perfect afternoon getaways. In the evening, prepare a gourmet meal in your spacious kitchen or seek out tastings at one of the local breweries.More than just a home, Ascent at Campus of Life is an ideal setting for those who wish to enjoy everything life has to offer. Freeway close and minutes to all the features and benefits of San Diego. Life feels better at Ascent at Campus of Life, A Life-Long Learning Community. We combine your everyday commitments with our flexible, diverse curriculum, customized to you. Enrollment in eight units of Campus of Life course work is required for the campus residences. Tuition for the required 8 credit units per semester included.  Call Now:  show contact info
 x 37OR Text 37 to  show contact info
 to text our leasing staff.Interested in more information? See link below:http://avenue5.aptfeatures.com/s66er6 This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1160 Sq. Ft. Features - Ample closet space  - Under mount stainless steel sink with pull out chrome faucet  - Patio/Balcony  - Energy Star Rated Washer & Dryer  - Stainless Steel, Energy Star rated appliances - Dishwasher, Disposal, Microwave, Refrigerator, and Electric Range  - Vinyl wood flooring  - Cable Ready  - Quartz-style countertops  - High speed internet Community Amenities - Easy Freeway Access  - Private Garage  - Smoke free community  - Electricity Included  - Enrollment to The Campus of Life  - Continuing education credits available* See associate for details  - Pet friendly * See associate for details Pet Policy Ascent at Campus of Life welcomes your pet! We allow up to two pets per home. Additional deposits and breed restrictions apply. Your pets will love it here! * Ascent at Campus of Life 10785 Pomerado Road, San Diego, CA, 92131Equal Housing Opportunity w0U3aZxR5zYf

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 10:41
Price: $2435
Latitude: 32.901894
Longitude: -117.087479
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1160
