$3500 / 2br - 1063ft2 - 4 Weeks Free on 2 Bedroom Apartment! Apply Today

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
EAT. PLAY. LIVE. AV8. A collection of 129 boutique apartments and penthouses rising from a former aviation factory. Each home finessed to a standard like nothing else around. Honest aviation heritage meets industrial design. Embracing the neighborhood's historic legacy of community, craftsmanship and commitment to authenticity.Modern, waterfront living with hotel-inspired finishes - from sophisticated interiors and communal spaces to the convenient amenities and on-demand services. Located in San Diego's most walkable community, with renowned restaurants, breweries, bars, and community events just outside your door. Even a weekday will feel like the weekend.  Call Now:  show contact info
Use the link below for more details:http://cl.greystar.com/k2828m This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1063 Sq. Ft. Features - Oversized large view, dual-pane energy-efficient windows  - Stainless steel appliances with 5 burner gas cooktop  - Wood plank style flooring  - Quartz slab countertops  - Penthouses with oversized balconies*  - Waterfront views*  - Spacious private balconies or patios*  - Full-height porcelain backsplashes  - LED lighting  - Designer bathrooms with quartz slab counters and porcelain tile shower surrounds  - Full-size Energy Star washer & gas dryer  - Large walk-closets  - USB charging outlets Community Amenities - Trash Valet  - Outdoor community table with seating for 14  - 5th floor viewing and entertainment areas  - Historic aviation factory façade  - Designer fireplaces to keep you warm under the stars  - Indoor community table with seating for 14  - Interactive building amenities and wayfinding feature  - Pool table and TV lounge  - Convenient and secure fob entry access  - On-demand fitness available 24/7  - Indoor prep kitchen  - Indoor fireplace and modern seating  - Complimentary Wi-Fi  - Grab-and-go coffee bar  - Feel the burn with workouts in as little as 25 minutes  - Indoor/ outdoor clubroom with pull-away doors for views of Waterfront park  - Area businesses and services map with text messaging capability  - Lounge in our cabanas with speakers you can personalize  - Uber/Lyft waiting area for residents and guests  - Options include Cardio, Strength, and TRX  - Two outdoor BBQs  - Social spaces designed to make you the "hostus mostus"  - Searchable building directory  - On-trend content from leading brands  - Seating designed for any mood  - Charging stations  - Package Concierge  - Bike storage Pet Policy Animal friendly communityPet spa with washing and drying station Office Hours 9am - 6pm, Monday - SundayAV8 2155 Kettner Blvd, San Diego, CA, 92101Equal Housing Opportunity 2TnY04vM7x1

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 16:49
Price: $3500
Latitude: 32.718500
Longitude: -117.159300
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1063
