$2210 / 511ft2 - Studio w/ Walk in Shower Ready for Move-In! Apply Today!

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a Studio, 1 Bath, approximately 511 Sq. Ft. 
A collection of 129 boutique apartments and penthouses rising from a former aviation factory. Each home finessed to a standard like nothing else around. Honest aviation heritage meets industrial design. Embracing the neighborhood's historic legacy of community, craftsmanship and commitment to authenticity.
Modern, waterfront living with hotel-inspired finishes - from sophisticated interiors and communal spaces to the convenient amenities and on-demand services. Located in San Diego's most walkable community, with renowned restaurants, breweries, bars, and community events just outside your door. Even a weekday will feel like the weekend. 
Features:
Full-size Energy Star washer & gas dryer, Designer bathrooms with quartz slab counters and porcelain tile shower surrounds, Wood plank style flooring, Full-height porcelain backsplashes, Spacious private balconies or patios*, Waterfront views*, Quartz slab countertops, USB charging outlets, Oversized large view, dual-pane energy-efficient windows, LED lighting, Stainless steel appliances with 5 burner gas cooktop, Large walk-closets, Penthouses with oversized balconies* 
Community Amenities:
Options include Cardio, Strength, and TRX, Uber/Lyft waiting area for residents and guests, Indoor prep kitchen, Pool table and TV lounge, Social spaces designed to make you the "hostus mostus", Indoor fireplace and modern seating, Indoor/ outdoor clubroom with pull-away doors for views of Waterfront park, 5th floor viewing and entertainment areas, Convenient and secure fob entry access, Outdoor community table with seating for 14, Indoor community table with seating for 14, Trash Valet, Two outdoor BBQs, Historic aviation factory façade, Charging stations, Grab-and-go coffee bar, Seating designed for any mood, Designer fireplaces to keep you warm under the stars, Package Concierge, Interactive building amenities and wayfinding feature, Feel the burn with workouts in as little as 25 minutes, Bike storage, Complimentary Wi-Fi, Area businesses and services map with text messaging capability, Searchable building directory, On-trend content from leading brands, Lounge in our cabanas with speakers you can personalize, On-demand fitness available 24/7 
Pet Policy:
Animal friendly community
Pet spa with washing and drying station 
Want more information? Follow this link:
http://cl.greystar.com/a91536
Equal Housing Opportunity 
1z1xMTd7Sh8e

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 09:17
Price: $2210
Latitude: 32.718500
Longitude: -117.159300
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 511
