$3150 / 2br - 907ft2 - ****2 Bedroom Available For Immediate Move-In!! Amazing Amenities!**** (Pacific Highlands Ranch)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Welcome home to Avino Visit Our Website @ www.AvinoLiving.comAvino Luxury Rentals at Pacific Highlands Ranch offers a heightened sense of living. Close to everything you love to taste, smell, feel, and touch - beautiful sandy beaches, the thrill of the horse races, craft breweries and upscale movie theaters, on-trend boutiques, yoga studios, and quality grocery shopping. You will appreciate farm-to-table dining, Del Mar festivals, golf, and spending time with loved ones.Avino is all about resort living and a green lifestyle. From your impressive great room to your private residents' pool and clubhouse, or your direct access garage with electric vehicle charging station to the top performing schools nearby, you recognize quality and accept nothing less. It is the good life, and you deserve it.  Call Now:  show contact info
Interested In This Unit? Use this link for more details:http://discover.rvmcorp.com/b55m43 This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 907 Sq. Ft. Features - Quartz Counters  - 5-Burner Push-In Gas Range  - No Smoking  - Walk-In Closets  - French Door Refrigerator  - Large Windows  - Pre-Wired For Wall Mounted TV  - Stainless Steel Kitchen  - Gas Fireplace*  - High Ceilings  - Direct Access Garage  - Wine Fridge*  - Private Patio or Balcony  - 1000Mbps Broadband Capable  - Electric Vehicle Charging  - Nest Learning Thermostat  - USB Outlet Recepticles  - Custom Tile Bathrooms  - Central A/C and Heat  - Full-Size Washer and Dryer Community Amenities - Spin Bikes  - Pool Cabanas With Flat Screen TV'S  - High-Tech Business Center  - Game Room with Pool Table  - Outdoor Fire Pit  - Tot Lot Play Area  - Gourmet BBQ Areas  - Yoga  - Onsite Pet Spa  - State-Of-The-Art 24hr Fitness Center  - Steps From "The Village" At Pacific Highlands Ranch  - TRX Training Zone  - Cycle Repair Shop  - Oversized Jacuzzi  - Easy Access To SR 56, Interstates 5 and 15  - Pool Area Wi-Fi  - Minutes From Beautiful Beaches  - Dry Sauna  - Resort Style 25-Yard Heated Saltwater Lap Pool  - Solar Powered Clubhouse with Cyber Cafe  - Precor Equipment  - Concierge Package Delivery System  - Highly-Ranked, Prestigious Schools  - Steam Room Pet Policy Breed Restrictions Apply - Call for Details Driving Directions From Interstate 5: Take SR 56 (Ted Williams Freeway) East. Exit Carmel Valley Rd. Turn left to head North on Carmel Valley Rd. Property is located across the street to the South from The Village shopping center (Trader Joe's Shopping center).From Interstate 15: Take SR 56 (Ted Williams Freeway) West. Exit Carmel Valley Rd. Turn right to head North on Carmel Valley Rd. Property is located across the street to the South from The Village shopping center (Trader Joe's Shopping center).Avino in Pacific Highlands Ranch, Carmel Valley is close to High Bluff, Del Mar Race Track, Torrey Mesa, Torrey Pines State Beach, Sorrento Valley, Sorrento Mesa, UTC, Canyon Crest, Cathedral, Sycamore Ridge Elementary, & Village Shopping with Trader Joe's. Office Hours Contact For Info Avino 5040 Camino San Fermin, San Diego, CA, 92130Equal Housing Opportunity 1NH7DNxtSq

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 13:57
Price: $3150
Latitude: 32.958380
Longitude: -117.192364
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 907
