$1490 / 1br - North Park-Artist's Loft on Quiet Canyon Street (North Park)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
$1490.00 (one year commitment)
Unique, large artist's lofted studio, with different mediums of design and materials, which makes this a very unique living space.  Located in a VERY QUIET and peaceful neighborhood.
This rental would work best with one tenant, due the space and storage limitations or two people with more of a zen-like living space and lifestyle.
 This artistic rental sits on the side of hill and has steps leading down to it. It has a lofted open area bedroom and a lofted office area as well.  Large bright kitchen overlooking a lovely canyon area hillside with lots of birds and trees.  Quiet personal living is the optimum description for this rental.
A wooden deck surrounds a portion of this rental, which allows for quiet enjoyment of the space outside as well.  
This unique rental opportunity, would work for tenant/s who like/s a very quiet home and outside environment in which to live.  
We are looking for low key quieter respectful, tenant/s who understand the nature of living in a quiet area where sound travels and would be disturbing to others.
This rental might also, be compatable, for someone who desires to work part time from home with an office work space already built-in.
The rental has street parking and no washer/dryer.
Our location in North Park is close to the Freeways of 5 and 805 and only minutes away from downtown, and Hillcrest.
With North Park's lovely community of the arts, restaurants and entertainment events it makes this location idea for someone to immerse themselves in the culture.
This is a smoke free premises and property and pet free rental only at all times.  
We will be showing the rental by appointment only, and would like to schedule appointments for serious interested parties only.  Your time and ours are valuable, so we like too have applications filled out in advance and prepared to submit before or at the appointment time.
We are looking for a mindful potential renter who has a great rental history, and can show that they are financially sound with a strong, current and historic work history or a reliable source of income to cover all living expenses.  We take our time to find just the right tenant who will be a good fit for the rental and the neighborhood.  We are committed to being a good neighbor.
Please email first, with some information about yourself, what you are looking for, and questions you might have about the rental or the area.
Here are a few to get started:
1.  Where do you reside now?
2.  What are you looking for in a home?
3.  What do you do to support your lifestyle and all bills?
4.  Is this for one tenant or two?  If two people tell us about both of you.
This rental may be available approximately October 20, 2018
Thank you,
Cyndi

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 12:46
Price: $1490
Latitude: 32.745400
Longitude: -117.127200
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 0
Sqft: NA
