$1550 / 394ft2 - MOVE-IN SPECIAL - 1 MONTH FREE! First Floor Flat w/Hardwood Floors! (San Diego / Balboa Park / Hillcrest)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
 THE BARCELONA The perfect pairing of location, luxury, and character, since 1921. 
326 Juniper Street, San Diego, CA 92101
Located in the Park West enclave of Bankers Hill.

Phone:  show contact info
  |  Email:  show contact info
  

Welcome to The Barcelona, a centrally located, iconic apartment community offering unique studios, flats, and one bedroom apartments. The Barcelona is a classic San Diego gem, combining old-world charm with modern, hotel-style amenities in a uniquely urban, yet park-like walkable neighborhood.Here you're not just renting a flat, you're gaining access to the dynamic lifestyle and all the complimentary amenities The Barcelona has to offer - inside her walls, on her roof, in the Bankers Hill neighborhood, and the surrounding neighborhoods of Hillcrest, Little Italy, Cortez Hill, Downtown, & The East Village all within walking distance.  

Just two blocks from Balboa Park, living at The Barcelona is truly a one-of-a-kind experience. With expansive windows, high ceilings, and distinct architectural details, your apartment is just the right combination of bright, natural light, and vintage character. Unwind after work with a glass of wine on our exclusive rooftop deck, gazing at stars and San Diego's sparkling city skyline, or kick back with your friends and free WiFi in the brick-clad foundation lounge. On the weekend, walk to breakfast in Hillcrest, the farmer's market in Little Italy, or downtown to enjoy San Diego nightlife -- The Barcelona in Bankers Hill is truly in the middle of it all.Ten Reasons Why You Should Choose Us: 
 Two blocks from world-famous Balboa Park
 Authentic historic character & architecture
 Rooftop deck with panoramic ocean & skyline views
 FREE electricity & gas
 Urban Bankers Hill location, walkable to a multitude of local bars, restaurants & cafes
 Tranquil, tree-lined streets with ample meter-free parking
 Onsite fitness center, laundry & library lounge
 Convenient online rent payment & onsite management
 Tall ceilings & expansive windows for fresh natural light
 Extra onsite storage available


UNIT: 123	RENT: $1,550    |  DEPOSIT: $800    

PETS: Cats and small dogs 75 pounds and under accepted. Additional pet rent and deposit apply.  See management for details.

Please visit our website for more details and complete availability: www.TheBarcelona.com

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 10:30
Price: $1550
Latitude: 32.729359
Longitude: -117.161626
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 394
