$1595 / 1br - 500ft2 - Cozy 1Bed, 1Bath Updated Unfurnished Apt - All Utilities Included (Golden HIll)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
PROPERTY HIGHLIGHTS
Packaged Rent - Value Add. Monthly Rent Includes all Utilities: gas, electric, digital cable tv, internet. Avoid set-ups, deposits and credit checks.
Parking - Lot across street
1st Floor / Lots of Light
High ceilings
Wood floors
Rent Includes: water, gas, digital cable tv, internet, trash collection, gardener.
The Area:
Airport / Close by
Transit Center Hub / 8-blocks
High Walkablility Score of 90 plus
Gourmet local coffee house 1-block
Hip commercial center 5-blocks
East Village/City College 4-blocks
The Property:
Onsite coin laundry
Parking lot at church across the street - (Mondays and Saturdays permitted) 
Free rides everywhere downtown - (FRED) electric taxi. Pick point 3 blocks from the property.
ABOUT THE PROPERTY
This quaint first floor, 1BR, 1BA Golden Hill apartment with an outdoor patio is centrally located and is situated two blocks from one of Downtown's main Gateways. Plus, it's only a short walking distance to a Transit Hub (Trolley & Express Buses), restaurants, shops, nightlife Enjoy access to nearby Balboa Park too.
ABOUT THE APARTMENT
This serene urban residence is in the heart of it all. Get the privacy you desire inside this smaller sized Victorian apartment in charming Golden Hill (unit has limited interior storage and no exterior storage). 
Ideal freeway access (I-5 / 94 /163) to all the prime core areas and beaches of San Diego. Just minutes by car from the Airport and the Amtrak station.
This apartments custom earth tone walls and white wainscot characterize the interior's old meets new design effect. Relax at the end of the day on the deck patio. Or chill inside and watch digital cable networks W/ ondemand and music channels. The combination kitchen on lounge living room area have contemporary touches, which features open shelving, a butcher block counter top island, and stainless steel sink counters. Full-size appliances, including a gas stove/oven, make for relaxed living in the heart of San Diego.
The cute full bathroom comes with a tiled stand-up shower with an opaque sliding glass window above for fresh air and natural light. In the bedroom. 
The large bedroom offers city views. In the summertime watch the Padres home game fireworks from your deck or bedroom. You'll sleep tight in the cozy high ceiling space.
Just outside the front of the apartment, in the rear of the building is a shared laundry room which has a coin-operated washer and dryer for your use.
Outside, via the apartments entry door, the side yard holds a gas BBQ grill and ground level patio with a bistro table and chair set. The deck with an umbrella is the perfect spot for dining al fresco. Street parking is generally available, as Golden Hills street are extra wide. Nevertheless, being our resident, you can access unassigned parking spaces at the church across the street.
THE LOCATION
The apartment is in a prime location for exploring downtown and the bay. Highly desirable slope area. Urban neighborhood. It is the first master planned neighborhood in San Diego circa 1880s. 
Being in the center of it all, we are virtually surrounded by some of the best culture experiences that San Diego has to offer. You will have convenient access to some of the best activities in the City.
Another perk of staying in the heart of the downtown area is that the East Village District's ever growing vibrant range of the offerings is just your outside doorstep, making it easy for you to experience the hipster scene. For example. Take in one of the numerous annual festivals or holiday celebrations that the Gaslamp hosts each year, Or explore the zoo weekly with an annual pass. Before heading out for the day, go next door to grab a cup of coffee from Influx on Broadway and see the Blue Water of the Bay to start your day or have a mobile business meeting.
When you don't know what to cook, or you are a foodie, sampling the broad range of restaurants the area is known for is all part of the fun of living in Golden Hill. The many offerings to choose from are within an easy 5 to 10 minute walk! Or if you are going downtown use the FRED APP. 
There are lots of big things to do and see right out your door step. But one of the simplest things to do is to explore the history of the area and take in the Victorian architecture our nearby Historic Home District. The quaint tree lined streets are filled with Victorian Mansions and upper class homes that were once the residences of San Diego's prominent citizens of their day. 
This unit is 15 minutes by car to the Ocean in Coronado or 10 minutes by bike to the Bay. Hip with the younger crowd, Mission Beach--20 minutes away by car --offers an exciting boardwalk and people-watching opportunities.
FINANCIAL REQUIREMENTS:
- 1 Yearr Lease 
- Security Deposit - Equal to one month of rent
- $50 lease-up fee
- Monthly rent: $1,545 - for one person. Add $75 for double occupancy. Includes: water, gas, electric, digital cable tv, internet, trash collection, gardener.

Date Posted: November 02, 2018 at 17:49
Price: $1595
Latitude: 32.714768
Longitude: -117.145844
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 500
