$2655 / 2br - 1154ft2 - two bed two bath / only $2,655-you choose/ Mission Valley (mission valley west)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Portofino Apartment Homes- Call today and schedule your personal tour.
We are located at 2500 Northside Dr. San Diego, Ca. 92108
This is for our Emanuele floor plan, a two bed two bath, 1154 sq. ft. spacious apartment home. The best part is you choose the unit YOU want, which includes the view , the floor, garage or no garage, new carpet in select homes as well as stainless steel appliances in select units.  
Rent online today, get an answer on approval and have your lease within an hour through our Prospect Connect website. www.portofinoapthomes.com
* An award winning community providing a "Superior" Customer Service rating nationwide of 4.49 out of 5
4.5 Stars on Yelp
$2655 / 2br - 1154ft2 - LOOKING FOR A NEW HOME? How about a two bedroom two bath apartment home with new carpet and new wood style flooring in the kitchen and both bathrooms? This open style floor plan moves quickly and here is why..... It has a large living room, spacious walk in closets and mirrored wardrobe doors, open kitchen with an island designed with granite countertops, fully equipped kitchen great for entertaining and a full size front load washer/dryer set in the home.  
**** PET FRIENDLY COMMUNITY!  2 PET MAX****
Portofino has many features (interior and exterior) that you'd be able to take advantage of and absolutely love the lifestyle and experience we have to offer and we are proudly owned and operated by HG Fenton Company. 
Lifestyle Conveniences 
AMENITIES
Resort style pool and spa with breathtaking views and infinity fountain 
Clubhouse with full kitchen and billiards
Fire Pit Lounge, 
Community BBQ's 
Cyber Café' 
24 hr. Fitness Center, 
Tanning Booth 
Gated Community
Nightly Patrol Service
Valet Dry Cleaning Services
ACTIVITIES
Professional Chef Cooking Classes
Gourmet food truck services (twice per week) 
Complimentary Yoga Classes
Cook outs
Trivia Nights
Bingo Nights
Beer, Wine and Cheese Events with the team and neighbors
Mixology Classes
LOCATION
Our location in Mission Valley provides a lifestyle of convenience with easy access to freeways, entertainment, restaurants and shopping. Why drive if you don't need to? We are just a 5 minute walk to the trolley station located near the Costco and IKEA shopping center. 
Call today to schedule your personal tour with Kimberly or feel free to just stop by....  show contact info
 |  show contact info

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 16:08
Price: $2655
Latitude: 32.784088
Longitude: -117.127853
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1154
