$1400 / 1br - Apt for Rent ASAP! Very Dog(s) Friendly w/Pool/Gym (Clairemont)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Lease Take Over at super LOW price!!! 
Great 1 bedroom/1 bath apartment with amazing central location. Due to me moving out of state, I need to find someone who is interested the sooner the better. I love my apartment but need to make a move due to a change in work. The lease is over May 1st and you can decide to renew then or not in the next 6 months. I have been in this apt over a year and a half and also got it from a lease transfer which is why the price is still very low for this apartment. Apts in the complex are going from $1600-1800 currently. You will need to qualify through the apt leasing office and must show you make a certain amount of money. (I can double check what that is if you need as well).  The deposit is super low and is only $500. Dog(s)/cats are welcome too and it's a very dog friendly complex with a fenced in dog park located by the leasing office. There is also a park about a block down the street by the YMCA/Rec Center where I take my pup daily.  
There is parking in the lot with a permit that will be given to you as well but it's first come first serve and then there is parking on the street. You can also pay to have a parking garage if you are looking for secure parking. The complex has an Olympic sized pool and hot tub along with brand new gym and fitness equipment. Tennis courts are on property as well.  Close to park, dog park, the bay, 5 freeway and multiple restaurants, bars, cafes and Sprouts grocery. This is the Clairemont/Bay Park area off Clairemont Drive. Five minute or less access to the highway and bay and only a couple miles from Pacific Beach or a quick 10 minute Uber ride for those unfamiliar with San Diego. 
Apartment goes for $1400 plus around $40/month for garbage/water.  1 bedroom, 2nd floor with full carpeting minus kitchen and bathroom area. Apt bedroom  has closet along with large hallway closet and linen closet. Full bath with tub. Full kitchen with dishwasher and microwave. No A/C but I do have a wall unit for sale if you are in need of one. 
Also if you are need of furniture I will be selling mine so you can skip the hassle of buying new things. At this time I have my couch, desk, queen bed mattress with metal frame, office chair, bookcase, A/C unit and coffee table for sale. Prices to be determines. Please ask if interested.  Showing of apartment can be ASAP so just call or email! 
Thank you!
Stacey

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 14:34
Price: $1400
Latitude: 32.823900
Longitude: -117.196500
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
