$2120 / 1br - 650ft2 - Charming Bungalow Community: GARAGE  included (San Diego)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        

    
       BRAND NEW REMODELED Cottage apartment  with GARAGE and private patio PET OK, Air Conditioning
    
  
  Property Address

2315 Lincoln Ave | San Diego, CA 92104


  Available: 10/24/2018

Offered By

Humphreys Residential Property Management |  show contact info

Description
  
    Enjoy the North Park lifestyle and your new home in this charming North Park Community. Your home will exemplify the history of this great neighborhood on the outside and the luxury of a BRAND NEW interior. Construction is still in progress to prepare this home for you to be the very first resident to enjoy living there.   GARAGE INCLUDED
Available 15 August depending on construction completion time
Featured pictures are of first remodel. Slight variations will be explained at time of tour.
French doors lead to your own private outdoor fenced patio area, making it a prefect home for entertaining and enjoying the beautiful San Diego weather. A back door from the kitchen can be opened to let the outside in while you cook in your brand new open plan kitchen.
Original features such as the art deco bathroom tile and flooring, the curved ceilings in the living room and the original wood front door with its iron accent, have been retained to provide historical integrity to this unique remodeled interior.
Garage included
Brand New Stainless steel appliances
Open Plan Kitchen
Your own brand new stackable WASHER and DRYER
A High efficiency Air-conditioning System
Private Fenced Back Patio.
Street parking right outside your home.
You are close to everything North Park and Hillcrest has to offer and will have easy freeway access by using Texas or Washington Street!
Pet OK with additional deposit and monthly pet fee.
A thorough background check will be run each applicant, including your credit, eviction & criminal history. We also verify your current and previous rental and employment history. Applicants must show verifiably income 3X rent, good credit including no current collection accounts or delinquencies in the past 12 months. 
$45 application fee per person over 18, this fee is non-refundable. Renters insurance is required for your protection. 
Apply online at Humphreysresidential.com. Applicants must have toured property to be considered in in terms or priority.
Service animals are permitted with required documentation (certification of service animal as well as authorization from doctor indicating service animal is prescribed).
  

  Amenities
  BRAND NEW LUXURY REMODEL
      Private Fenced Back Patio area with irrigated landscape accent
      Garage
      HIgh Efficiency Split Cooling and heating system
      Brand New Stainless Steel Appliances
      Stackable Washer and Dryer
  Details
  Beds/Baths: 1BD/1.0BA
      Square Feet: 650

  Rental Terms
  Rent: $2,120.00 

    
Available: 10/24/2018
    
Application Fee: $45.00
    
Security Deposit: $2,120.00

  
Pet Policy
  Cats allowed
      Dogs allowed

Date Posted: October 08, 2018 at 09:16
Price: $2120
Latitude: 32.763500
Longitude: -117.202800
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 650
