$1749 / 750ft2 - Just what you wanted! A great 1 bed, 1 bath in La Mesa (la mesa)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
The Cove La Mesa  Featured Floorplan: 1-bed / 1-bathMonthly Rent: $1649 - $1825Deposit: Call show contact info
Description: Your oasis awaits you at The Cove La Mesa! Our beautiful community is located in the heart of La Mesa, just minutes away from the ocean, downtown and a plethora of dining, shopping and entertainment hot spots. We're also nearby Lake Murray, a fantastic place for hiking, running and cycling, as well as conveniently located near schools, the trolley and the 8, 15 and 5 freeways. Explore Balboa Park, relax on Coronado Island's beachfront boardwalk, experience the exciting nightlife of the Gaslamp Quarter, the possibilities are endless with our close proximity to it all! Our pet-friendly community with fully equipped apartment homes also offers a wide variety of amenities, including a sparkling pool, hot tub, fitness center, laundry facility, fire pit with lounge seating and so much more! Come see what makes us exceptional!
COMMUNITY FEATURES
♦ Carports Covered Parking
♦ Close to Dog Park
♦ Fire Pit with Lounge Seating
♦ Fitness Center
♦ Laundry Facility
♦ Onsite Patrol
♦ Outdoor Dining and Grilling Area
♦ Pet Friendly
♦ Swimming Pool with Hot Tub
♦ Walking and Biking Trails NearbyAPARTMENT FEATURES
♦ Air Conditioning
♦ Balcony or Patio
♦ Ceiling Fans
♦ Dishwasher
♦ Electronic Thermostat
♦ Energy Efficient Appliances
♦ Extra Storage
♦ Microwave
♦ New/Renovated Interior
♦ Oversized Closets
♦ Washer Dryer in Unit
♦ Window CoveringsLease Terms: Variable, 3-Month, 6-Month, 12-MonthApartment Amenities:.. Cable Ready.. Disposal.. Wheelchair Accessible (Rooms).. Disposal.. Heating.. Eat-in Kitchen.. Carpet.. Refrigerator.. Range Community Features:  .. Courtyard.. Recycling.. Picnic and Grill Area.. Public Transportation.. Pet Friendly.. Fire Pit with Lounge Seating.. Efficient Appliances.. Close to Dog Park.. Electronic Thermostat  Call us:  show contact info
  7400 Parkway Dr La Mesa, CA 91942IEC-COVEEQUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITYIEC COVE

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 09:13
Price: $1749
Latitude: 32.773490
Longitude: -117.037987
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: 750
