$2263 / 1br - 798ft2 - Enjoy life like you should, live at Valentia Apartment! Yelp Us! (UTC, La Jolla)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
No Stress Here! San Diego Apartments in the Golden Triangle and minutes to Westfield UTC Mall Call Now:  show contact info
Valentia 5305 Toscana Way, San Diego, CA, 92122Use the link below for more details:http://lease.sheaservice.com/6vbkdo This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 798 Sq. Ft.  Enjoy fine dining at restaurants perched atop La Jolla's jagged cliffs. Shop at the Design District, a four-block stretch along Girard Avenue, visit boutique-lined streets gemmed with art and gifts, or spend the day with friends at the nearby Nobel Athletic Fields and Recreation Center. Indulge in the soft sand beaches, with year-round vacation sunshine and the Pacific Ocean's watercolor sunsets. From the village to the cove, La Jolla truly is the jewel of Southern California with its isolated coves, world class golf, incredible dining and amazing shopping.And La Jolla has a rental community to match at our community. This boutique collection of condominium style apartments offers you the lifestyle you deserve - chic, versatile and so convenient. Our community features a newly remodeled resident lounge with gaming and billiards table, business center, fitness center, racquetball courts, swimming pools, spas and saunas.Each La Jolla rental comes with raised panel cabinetry, hearty wood flooring, designer paint, custom lighting and granite countertops. It's chic, versatile, and convenient. In addition to amazing upgrades and a fabulous location, you'll enjoy exceptional care and attention from Shea Apartment Communities.*Located in the employment mecca of the Golden Triangle and just blocks to upscale UTC mall*Across the street from the Nobel Athletic Fields and Recreation Center with over 30 acres of recreation including sports fields, dog park, playground, gymnasium/recreation center, library and BBQ and picnic areas.*Upgraded interior finishes including granite countertops, wood flooring, designer paint and Whirlpool appliances*Modern amenities including resident lounge, business center, conference area and fitness center Features - Wood-Burning Fireplace with Hearth  - Multiple Phone and Cable Lines  - Roman Shaped Bathtub and Separate Shower  - Oversized Windows with Horizontal Window Treatments  - One Bedroom, One Bath Floor Plan  - White Cabinetry with Brushed Chrome Hardware  - Breakfast Counter and Kitchen Pantry  - Refrigerator with Ice Maker  - Nine-foot and Vaulted Ceilings  - Full-sized Washer/Dryer  - Designer Paint, Lighting and Crown Molding  - Wood Flooring in Kitchen  - Amenities May Vary by Floor Plan and Location  - Central Heat and Air Conditioning  - Whirlpool Appliances including Electric Range and Microwave  - Pet Friendly Apartments Available  - Walk-in Closets  - Flat Panel Doors with Lever Hardware  - Granite Countertops  - Huge Private Patio or Balcony Community Amenities - Located in the Exclusive Master-planned Community of Renaissance-La Jolla with Lush Walkways, Exquisite Fountains and Waterscapes and Renaissance Village Shopping Square  - Fitness Center with Cardio and Weight Training Equipment  - Gate-controlled Subterranean Parking with Elevator Access to all Floors  - Exclusive Resident Social Hub  - Private Courtyards with BBQ and Picnic Area  - Planned Resident Events  - Business Center  - Resident Lounge with TV's, Billiards Table and Gaming  - Men's and Women's Sauna  - Indoor Raquetball Courts  - Just Blocks from the Upscale UTC Shoping Mall  - Smoke-free Community  - Resort-style Pools and Spas  - Rent to Own Program  - Skyline and Sunset Views  - Controlled Access Garages with Reserved Parking  - Across the street from the 30-acre Nobel Athletic Fields and Recreation Center with Sports Fields, Dog Park, Playground, Library, Gymnasium and BBQ and Picnic Areas Pet Policy Pet friendly. Fees and breed restrictions apply. Please contact us for details. Driving Directions From the 805 Freeway:Exit west onto La Jolla Village Drive. Turn left onto Towne Center Drive and left again onto Renaissance Avenue. Go past the stop sign and turn right onto Toscana Way. Make a right into the first driveway and the leasing center is straight ahead. Office Hours Monday - Saturday: 9 a.m. - 6 p.m.Sunday: 11 a.m. - 5 p.m.  The rental rates listed above are based on a 12+ month lease term with immediate move-in. Shorter term leases and longer hold periods are available with a monthly upcharge. Pricing deemed reliable but not guaranteed and can change without notice. CA BL DRE #01382566Equal Housing Opportunity  san diego apartments apartments san diego la jolla apartments apartments la jolla san diego la jolla QK4X8f4qt

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 11:54
Price: $2263
Latitude: 32.869081
Longitude: -117.202020
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 798
