$2448 / 1br - 660ft2 - Gorgeous Layout Offering up to 4 WEEKS FREE  W/  Modern Applicances (1551 Union)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
For a limited time only, receive up to 6 weeks free (12 month minimum)! Offer expires soon! Hurry in today! ELEGANT LUXURY LIVING WITH AN ARTISTIC FLAIR: CURRENT APARTMENTS IN DOWNTOWN SAN DIEGO The distinction is apparent. High-flying sculptural art leading to the expansive lobby with its profusion of designer-centric details. Current luxury apartment homes in Little Italy are the epitome of boutique-style, downtown living. Enjoy plenty of spaces for getting together with friends or just getting away from it all. Spacious open floor plans, many with expansive views, and a list of high-end amenities to suit even the most refined of tastes. Rooftop swimming pool and lounge. State-of-the-art fitness center. Resident Club Lounge, with gourmet demonstration kitchen. It's all there and it's all good. Come see these Little Italy apartments for yourself by scheduling an appointment today.  Call Now:  show contact info
Visit This Website to See More:http://www.udrrentals.com/oz9vz5 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 660 Sq. Ft. Features - Granite countertops  - Amenities Marked with * Are Unit Specific Amenities  - Solar shades and climate control  - Walk-in closets *  - Dual bathroom sinks *  - Built-in dry bar *  - Standalone shower *  - Central heating and air conditioning  - 9 ft. ceilings  - Custom color accent walls  - Soaking tub  - Stainless steel appliances  - In-home washer and dryer  - Ceiling fans  - Extra storage space *  - Built-in shelving  - Built-in wine rack  - Expansive private balcony *  - Track lighting  - Hardwood and slate flooring  - Built-in desk * Community Amenities - Sleek, modern, boutique-style design  - Wi-Fi (complimentary in public areas)  - Controlled access parking  - Great room with demonstration kitchen  - e-Lounge business lounge and conference room  - 24/7 fitness center  - Mountain bikes available  - Package acceptance  - Street level terrace with grilling area and fire pit  - Exquisite lobby entrance with fine art and waterfall  - Private screening room  - Multi-level architecture with resort-style amenities  - Heated rooftop swimming pool  - On-site maintenance  - Dedicated concierge services  - Coffee bar and media lounge  - Valet dry cleaning  - Pet friendly Office Hours Monday - Saturday: 9:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m. Current 1551 Union Street, San Diego, CA, 92101Equal Housing Opportunity KMLHfk7gW

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 10:37
Price: $2448
Latitude: 32.721444
Longitude: -117.165608
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 660
