$1695 / 693ft2 - Spacious 1 Bedroom - Tour Today! Just Blocks from Petco Park! (San Diego / Sherman Heights)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
 THE STERLING Exquisitely crafted, timeless elegance - since 1908. 
470 20th Street, San Diego, CA 92102
Located on the western edge of the charming, historic Sherman Heights neighborhood, just 2 blocks from East Village!

Phone:  show contact info
  |  Email:  show contact info
  
Please visit our website for more details and complete availability: www.TheSterlingSanDiego.com



Walk through the doors The Sterling to step back in time and experience the grandeur of this 108 year-old former hotel.   Meticulously restored to its premier hotel glory, the building now offers luxurious flats and one bedrooms for residents in search of character and authenticity. 


Centrally located in the historically designated and up-and-coming neighborhood of Sherman Heights, you'll be just a 10-minute walk or quick UBER or bike ride from East Village bars and restaurants such as Stella Public House, Bottega Americano, and Mission Brewery, as well as grocery shopping (Albertsons) and Thomas Jefferson School of Law. The Sterling is a classic San Diego treasure, combining the charm of its Colonial Revival architecture with modern conveniences and an accessible, urban location to create a truly unique place to call home.


Apartment interiors are fully renovated with maple cabinets, granite countertops, and real hardwood flooring throughout.  All units feature new, period-style windows with oversized window casing and base molding, 2" horizontal blinds, six-panel doors, tile floor bathrooms, and closets professionally designed and equipped by California Closets for maximum use of space.


The building is fully gated and access controlled, and features onsite laundry, a peaceful garden terrace and two common area balconies for relaxing or dining outdoors.


Apartment #102 is a spacious one-bedroom looking into the garden terrace!
RENT: $1,695    |  DEPOSIT: $750  OAC


PETS: Quiet, spayed/neutered adult dogs 75 pounds maximum and cats are accepted. Additional terms, pet rent and deposit apply.  See management for details.

Please visit our website for more details, photos, and complete availability: www.TheSterlingSanDiego.com


The Sterling is another outstanding community by SENTRE Living URBAN.
www.SENTRE.com
Equal housing opportunity.
Pricing may include current special and is subject to change without notice.

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 10:31
Price: $1695
Latitude: 32.710156
Longitude: -117.145813
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 693
