$3096 / 3br - 1279ft2 - CLOSE TO SHOPPING, MOVIES, FOOD, SCHOOLS AND MORE 3X2

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 3 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1279 Sq. Ft. 
Visit today and discover exceptional apartment living and convenience at Sofi Highlands. Our community is situated within the desirable master planned community of Westview in San Diego. Enjoy access to shopping, dining, entertainment and beautiful Carmel Mountain. Our exceptional location provides residents with immediate access to a wide range of recreational activities including miles of trails through Los Peñasquitos Canyon Preserve. Each apartment home at Sofi Highalnds boasts gracious amenities, such as direct access attached garages, gas fireplaces, designer finishes and a built-in media niche. Navigate to convenience and retreat to luxury. Find yourself at Sofi Highlands today. 
Features:
Central Air Conditioning, Illuminated Ceiling Fans in Dining Areas and Master Bedroom, Full-Size Washer and Dryer, Oversized Patios or Balconies, Central Heating, Large Floorplans with Generous Living Spaces, Walk-in Closets in Master Bedrooms, Expansive 9' Ceilings with Crown Molding, Ceramic Tile Entryways, Gas Log Fireplaces with Decorative Mantels, Recessed Lighting, uilt-in Television niche, Single-Garages or Two-Car Access Garages* 
Community Amenities:
Barbecue Grills and Picnic Areas, Indoor Racquetball Court, Controlled Access Entry*, Onsite Recycling Program, Complete Fitness Center, Clubhouse Facilities with Media Room, Library, Business Center, and Play Zone, Resort-Inspired Pool and Spa, Steam Rooms and Cedar-Lined Dry Saunas, 1/2 Court Basketball Court, We Love Pets!* 
Pet Policy:
We Are Cat Friendly. Ask Leasing Associate for Details. 
See our property details here:
http://pinnaclefamily.aptdetails.com/1o80d0
Equal Housing Opportunity 
84X2lDMYu

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 15:18
Price: $3096
Latitude: 32.908674
Longitude: -117.141895
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1279
