$3250 / 3br - 1496ft2 - Modern Three-Bedroom with Washer & Dryer Inside!  Tour Today! (Mira Mesa)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
 Welcome to Casa Mira View! 
Lease a large three bedroom at Casa Mira View on a one year lease for $3,250 per month.

This three Bedroom will be available October 15th.



This new community boasts beautifully landscaped grounds with spectacular art and sculptures throughout, a gorgeous pool and spa area, a rooftop retreat and a community center previously unheard of in the San Diego area! A children's carousel and train, bowling center, Cafe ZZO, Salon V and Soapbox 24/7 Dry Cleaners are but a few of the fabulous amenities offered. High Voltage Fitness is equipped digital televisions, cutting edge equipment and monthly classes to keep you motivated to stay in shape! Casa Mira View will offer a monthly calendar of activities for residents to enjoy including movies, cooking classes, Kid's Club and Group Activities. We are proudly 100% a smoke free community as of June 1, 2014. Sorry, but cosigners are not accepted. 

 Community Amenities  Bowling center and lounge 
 Beautiful pools and spas with cabanas 
 Children's Carousel and Train 
 Art and sculpture displays 
 High Voltage Fitness with classes and certified trainers 
 Cafe ZZO 
 Salon V 
 Soapbox 24/7 Drycleaner 
 Courtesy patrol and parking monitoring 
 Walk to grocery, restaurants, entertainment and shopping 
 ChargePoint electric car charging stations www.chargepoint.com
 ADA Accessible  Apartment Amenities 
 1, 2, and 3 bedrooms 
 Custom kitchen counter height 
 Neutral color palette 
 Central heating and air 
 Full-sized washer and dryer 
 Generous closet, linen and storage space 
 Full appliance package includes: microwave, dishwasher and refrigerators 
 Icemakers 
 Parking is on the same level as your unit 
 Centralized mail and message center 
 Expansive patios / balconies available with storage 
 Additional storage units available Community Amenities  

Casa Mira View will take your expectations to a higher level!
 Call Now!  show contact info
 
Office Hours 9:30 am - 5:00 pm 
(No tours after 4:30pm)
9800 Mira Lee Way
San Diego, CA 92126
CasaMiraView.com


Conveniently located off I-15 in Scripps Corridor. The community boasts great shopping, dining, and entertainment. Just minutes from MCAS Miramar, University Towne Center Mall, downtown San Diego, beautiful beaches, we provide you with the convenience you're looking for.


Through ChargePoint, we now offer electric car charging stations at Casa Mira View. Our residents can simply drive right in, park, plug their car in, and walk back to their apartment home.


We look forward to your joining us at Casa Mira View. Welcome home!


Please make sure to check out our page where we tour our community and apartments. 
www.facebook.com/CasaMiraView



For more information about our property amenities, please visit:
http://www.casamiraview.com/



*Prices and specials are based on availability and are subject to change without prior notice (OAC). Please inquire within for more details.


We are an Equal Housing Opportunity community.

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 09:33
Price: $3250
Latitude: 32.916100
Longitude: -117.140200
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1496
