$3795 / 3br - 1155ft2 - Fully furnished 3Bedroom/2FullBaths!Doorsteps of SDSU!Avil Aug 1! (San Diego)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
3 Bedrooms 2Full Bathrooms, Fully Remodeled Penthouse Available on August 1,2019! Fully furnished with 2leather couches ,Real wood coffee table , dining set, full kitchen. Granite Counter tops, stainless steel sink, dishwasher, microwave, smooth top oven, tile flooring all around the Penthouse, The nicest Penthouse on Lindo Paseo, double panel windows with lot of natural light, Large bedrooms, ceiling fans, faux Wood blinds, and much more. 
Live at the guaranteed closest location to SDSU (San Diego State University) across the street from campus so you can see the SDSU Campus from your windows, walk to classes everyday and save gas and time no shuttle or bus is needed (your transportation expenses to your school  is eliminated). . The South Campus Plaza Just opened in front of our location,  it includes brand new Trader Joe's and numerous restaurants as well as a large park. The SDSU Transit Center /SDSU Trolley station is one minute from our central location so you  can use the rapid bus system or trolley   to go shopping, to the beach, downtown , or anywhere you want. Attached please find the Trolley map. By living at our location you can  enjoy all the SDSU amenities (SDSU Library , Gym (ARC), concerts, games at Viejas Arena, SDSU Student Union and Restaurants,  live 24/7 campus life and much  more), and enjoy the safety of living besides the SDSU campus. *5811 LP offers a full package (All -In -One Package) that includes all furniture, free higher -speed internet, (300 MBPs Down and 30 MBPs Up)  free laundry, water, sewer, and trash all included. We also provide  free bed coverings, pillows, towels, kitchen glassware and plates and lighting fixtures -These extras  cannot be found in any other leasing package , so students will not need any furniture, just bring your clothing and toothbrush and move in! All the rooms have tile flooring with good quality furniture, and a large comfortable bed with desk and chair. The living rooms are furnished with Large LED flat - screen HDTV, and leather couches. We have a full kitchen equipped with stove, large fridge, and microwave, so you can cook  the foods you like and come home to eat lunch between classes

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 20:05
Price: $3795
Latitude: 32.760700
Longitude: -117.072100
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1155
