$1800 / 1br - 670ft2 - Relocating for Work? Beautiful One Bedroom Apt in Quiet Spot (321 10th Avenue, #218)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
The ICON Building is located in the trendy East Village in Downtown San Diego. The buildings amenities include a community skybox, rooftop stadium and viewing terrace featuring direct views into PETCO Park, community lounge/business center located on the courtyard level. Lounge features full kitchen, plasma TV, printers and lounge seating. Community theater room with raised seating, featuring 135 inch HD screen and a fully equipped 1,700 square foot fitness center. A courtyard between the two towers features sculptural art and waterfall features. This building boasts modern design throughout with 24 hour security.
This sleek one bedroom condo has views of the building courtyard. Private patio with seating for two. Stainless steel appliances in kitchen. Tenant has option to rent unfurnished unit or beautifully furnished unit at no additional cost. Assigned indoor parking space. In-unit laundry. Great location a block from Petco Park, amazing amenities.
East Village: is the largest urban neighborhood in downtown San Diego, located east of the Gaslamp Quarter and southeast of the Core district and Cortez Hill in downtown San Diego. Home to the Padres baseball stadium, wonderful dining, shopping and nightlife.
Interior Features: 
Appliances included: Dishwasher, Freezer, Microwave, Range / Oven, Refrigerator, Washer
Forced Air Heating & Central Cooling
Hardwood & Carpet Flooring
Optional Furniture at No Additional Cost
Building Features:
Fitness Center
Clubhouse
Movie Theater
Elevator
Controlled Access 
Gated Entry
Rooftop Lounge with view of Petco Park. (Gives you access to concerts and baseball games without leaving home!)
Exterior Features: Patio
Parking: Assigned Off-street Parking
Utilities:
Cable Ready
High Speed Internet Ready
Utilities not included with rent
Pet Policy: Not Allowed
Lease Terms: 
7, 9 or 12 Month Lease
Rent: $1,800
Deposit: $1,800
To view this apartment:
Email:  show contact info

Date Posted: November 01, 2018 at 11:58
Price: $1800
Latitude: 32.718500
Longitude: -117.159300
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 670
