$1185 / 1br - 310ft2 - Jr. 1/1 - Take Possession Today! - 3 Blocks To Petco Park & Trolley (East Village)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
SMOKE-FREE COMMUNITYAre you looking to move in the next few days?  Come see us! We are scheduling appointments for those looking to move immediately! Office Hours: Mon-Fri: 9:00 AM-6:00 PMSat-Sun: CLOSEDWe suggest contacting us prior to stopping by to make sure someone is available to assist you. Ballpark Place Apartments 229 16th Street , CA 92101, San Diego, CA, 92101Experience Affordable Downtown Living! $600 Deposit OACOff-Street Parking Available (additional monthly rent of $120 if available)Cats Only Welcome (Assistive Animals Exempt Upon Approved Request)9 Month Rental Option (no short-term housing)Water, Sewer and Trash IncludedWELCOME HOME TO BALLPARK PLACE APARTMENTS Welcome home to a unique community with stunning views! Ballpark Place Apartment Homes are perfectly located in sunny San Diego, California. We are just minutes from all that downtown San Diego has to offer, from an evening with friends in the Gaslamp Quarter or East Village to an exciting game of baseball at Petco Park, come and discover a new lifestyle at Ballpark Place today!We offer spacious one and two bedroom homes featuring faux granite countertops, an all electric gourmet kitchen, Berber carpeting in bedrooms, crown molding, fauxwood blinds, and Saltillo tiled floors.Work out in our fitness center all while enjoying our magnificent skyline views. Tour our photo gallery or call us to schedule your personal tour and let our award winning staff help you find your new home today. At Ballpark Place we deliver a Grand Slam Home Run!  Call Now:  show contact info
Want more information on this unit? See link (below):http://ballparkplaceapts.com/9k198t This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 310 Sq. Ft. Features - All Electric Kitchen  - Skyline Views Available*  - Saltillo Tile Floors  - Cable Ready  - Mirrored Closet Doors  - Private Balconies and Patios*  - Custom Window Coverings  - Microwave  - Berber Carpet  - Crown Molding  - Reserved Off-Street Parking Available  - Refrigerator  - Air Conditioning *In Select Apartment Homes Community Amenities - Gated Access  - Public Parks Nearby  - Elevator  - Laundry Facility  - Access to Public Transportation  - Reserved Off-Street Parking Available  - Easy Access to Freeways  - State-Of-The-Art Fitness Center  - Easy Access to Shopping Pet Policy Looking for a pet friendly apartment community in San Diego, CA? Look no further than Ballpark Place! As one of the few pet friendly communities, we proudly allow cats here at Ballpark Place. Now your pet has the opportunity to relax by your side and enjoy the comforts of your apartment home. Income Requirements: We require individual or combined applicants current gross income to be a minimum of two and one half (2.5) times the total monthly rent. Guarantors, if applicable, are required to have a minimum current gross income of four (4) times the total monthly rent.Office Hours Mon-Fri: 9:00 AM-6:00 PMSat-Sun: Closed Ballpark Place Apartments 229 16th Street , CA 92101, San Diego, CA, 92101Equal Housing Opportunity qi9rvAqt7EPricing And Availability Subject To Change Without Notice.

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 10:14
Price: $1185
Latitude: 32.707642
Longitude: -117.149429
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 310
