$1700 / 1br - 712ft2 - Come Tour Your Beautiful New Home Today, Move In Specials! (Lemon Grove)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 712 Sq. Ft. 
Celsius Living -experience a future forward lifestyle that challenges the ordinary.
Embrace the unexpected - dwell in the hottest eco savvy apartments that fuse modern design elements and a vibrant lifestyle. 
Celsius delivers a full spectrum of smart living choices. Hike, bike, or ride. Chill out or turn up the heat to quench your desires. At whatever tempo you choose to live - Celsius takes it up a notch with a refreshing urban centric approach. 
Engage in the unexpected gathering on the Sundeck terrace, walk the dog down the promenade, join a game of pool in the lounge, ride the trolley to downtown San Diego.
Celsius elevates this comfortable, laid-back East County locale with a current vibe.
Celsius - connected to keep life cool.
Features:
Energy Efficient GE stainless kitchen appliances, Sophisticated design and contemporary features including quartz counter tops, Private balconies with personal storage space available, Sleek espresso cabinetry enhanced with contemporary door pulls, Oven, Full size, high efficiency in home washer & dryer, Central Heating and Air Conditioning, Nine Foot Ceilings, Kitchen Island or peninsula, Microwave, Hardwood style flooring in living areas with two color stains to choose from, Two Tone Paint, One, Two and three bedroom apartment homes, Refrigerator, Dishwasher 
Community Amenities:
Electrical vehicle charging stations, State of the art Fitness Center, Sundeck Terrace with Lounge Seating, Non Smoking community, Urban Living in the Heart of Lemon Grove which boasts the "best climate on earth", Dog Park, Parcel Lockers with email/text notifications, Wifi in all common areas, Online rent payment and service request option, Great room with 75" TV for viewing and pool table, Ideally Situated Near the 94 and 15 Freeways, Trolley close for easy commuting, Pet Friendly**, Gated Entrance, 24-Hour Emergency Maintenance, Professional On-Site Management, Gas BBQ Area, Walkable neighborhood at the Main Street Promenade linear park and Farmers Market with an 89 walking score 
Interested in more information? Visit link below:
http://live.fpimgt.com/6n999v
Equal Housing Opportunity 
P8aThb03cZ

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 15:43
Price: $1700
Latitude: 32.733200
Longitude: -117.032600
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 712
