$3150 / 2br - 1122ft2 - Available Now!!!! 2 Bed, 2 Bath, Attached Garage (Carmel Valley - Pacific Highlands Ranch)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Welcome home to Avino Visit Our Website @ www.AvinoLiving.comAvino Luxury Rentals at Pacific Highlands Ranch offers a heightened sense of living. Close to everything you love to taste, smell, feel, and touch - beautiful sandy beaches, the thrill of the horse races, craft breweries and upscale movie theaters, on-trend boutiques, yoga studios, and quality grocery shopping. You will appreciate farm-to-table dining, Del Mar festivals, golf, and spending time with loved ones.Avino is all about resort living and a green lifestyle. From your impressive great room to your private residents' pool and clubhouse, or your direct access garage with electric vehicle charging station to the top performing schools nearby, you recognize quality and accept nothing less. It is the good life, and you deserve it.  Call Now:  show contact info
Interested In This Unit? Use this link for more details:http://discover.rvmcorp.com/55m167 This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1122 Sq. Ft. Features - Full-Size Washer and Dryer  - Electric Vehicle Charging  - No Smoking  - Gas Fireplace*  - Wine Fridge*  - Quartz Counters  - 5-Burner Push-In Gas Range  - Stainless Steel Kitchen  - Private Patio or Balcony  - French Door Refrigerator  - Custom Tile Bathrooms  - Nest Learning Thermostat  - Central A/C and Heat  - USB Outlet Recepticles  - 1000Mbps Broadband Capable  - Walk-In Closets  - Direct Access Garage  - Large Windows  - High Ceilings  - Pre-Wired For Wall Mounted TV Community Amenities - Cycle Repair Shop  - TRX Training Zone  - State-Of-The-Art 24hr Fitness Center  - Yoga  - Easy Access To SR 56, Interstates 5 and 15  - High-Tech Business Center  - Precor Equipment  - Resort Style 25-Yard Heated Saltwater Lap Pool  - Onsite Pet Spa  - Steam Room  - Minutes From Beautiful Beaches  - Highly-Ranked, Prestigious Schools  - Game Room with Pool Table  - Oversized Jacuzzi  - Tot Lot Play Area  - Outdoor Fire Pit  - Dry Sauna  - Pool Area Wi-Fi  - Pool Cabanas With Flat Screen TV'S  - Steps From "The Village" At Pacific Highlands Ranch  - Spin Bikes  - Solar Powered Clubhouse with Cyber Cafe  - Concierge Package Delivery System  - Gourmet BBQ Areas Pet Policy Breed Restrictions Apply - Call for Details Driving Directions From Interstate 5: Take SR 56 (Ted Williams Freeway) East. Exit Carmel Valley Rd. Turn left to head North on Carmel Valley Rd. Property is located across the street to the South from The Village shopping center (Trader Joe's Shopping center).From Interstate 15: Take SR 56 (Ted Williams Freeway) West. Exit Carmel Valley Rd. Turn right to head North on Carmel Valley Rd. Property is located across the street to the South from The Village shopping center (Trader Joe's Shopping center).Avino in Pacific Highlands Ranch, Carmel Valley is close to High Bluff, Del Mar Race Track, Torrey Mesa, Torrey Pines State Beach, Sorrento Valley, Sorrento Mesa, UTC, Canyon Crest, Cathedral, Sycamore Ridge Elementary, & Village Shopping with Trader Joe's. Office Hours Contact For Info Avino 5040 Camino San Fermin, San Diego, CA, 92130Equal Housing Opportunity sCinEFLNv0

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 12:22
Price: $3150
Latitude: 32.958402
Longitude: -117.192192
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1122
