$1350 / 1br - 594ft2 - Enjoy Where You Live at Forest Park!! (El Cajon)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
$500 Deposit On Approved Credit 
 Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 594 Sq. Ft. 
Finding available El Cajon, California Apartments has just gotten even easier. Situated in a welcoming atmosphere, Forest Park Apartments is a quiet and comfortable community. Our ideal location places you within close proximity to shopping malls and fine dining. Forest Park also provides easy access to the 8 Freeway and Trolley and bus lines, for all your commuting needs. Whatever you pleasure, Forest Park Apartments is conveniently close. Living in El Cajon does not get any better than this.
At Forest Park, we know you'll be pleased with the spacious one and two bedroom floor plans that we offer. Each apartment home features a fully equipped kitchen with frost-free refrigerator, air conditioning, and generous closet space. Forest Park Apartments is the standard of luxury, convenience and style in San Diego apartment home living. Come home today and start living life the way you deserve!
Take a leisurely stroll around our attractively landscaped grounds or enjoy a refreshing dip in our sparkling pool - it's all here for your comfort and peace of mind. At Forest Park, our excellent service and attractive location create an uncompromising living environment. All this and affordable rent - visit our photo gallery to see why Forest Park Apartments is a great place to call home. 
Features:
Generous Closet Space, Select units with Spacious Patios, Balconies and yards, Air Conditioning, Fully Equipped Kitchens with Black Appliances, Newly Renovated Spacious 1, 2 and 3 bedroom Floor Plans 
Community Amenities:
Outstanding access, Vending machines, 24 Hr. Emergency maintenance, Courtyard, Community gas grill/BBQ area, 5 Swimming pools, Air conditioning - Wall A/C, Outdoor hot tub 
Pet Policy:
Cats and Dogs Allowed
Call to ask about breed restrictions 
Interested in more information? Visit link below:
http://live.fpimgt.com/7w3394
Equal Housing Opportunity 
G6enrByiBM

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 14:22
Price: $1350
Latitude: 32.805809
Longitude: -116.978963
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 594
