$1100 / 2br - 450ft2 - Studio, Utilities included- 2 rooms (Santee)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Please email me or leave a phone message if you are seriously interested. Then follow up with a text. Please let me know you situation and income, desired move in date, current living situation and why you are leaving... have you given notice, anything that will help me determine if you would be a good tenant. I will need to be selective to make sure it is good fit with my current tenants.  Thanks for your understanding.  Kim 
Cute Granny flat/2 room studio in the back of my rented home for 1 and 1 car.  Quiet area but 2 houses off of Mast Blvd. 1 mile from the 52 freeway.  NO SMOKING/DRUGS OF ANY KIND! NO PETS!
 Landlord spends the summers here so it likely only available until mid June. 6 month minimum is what I am looking for. More $ for less months. 
Very private with own entrance.  Full bath with shower and tub,  full kitchen with stove, oven, sink with garbage disposal, microwave, refrigerator and lots of cabinets.  Kitchen/computer table, couch and pull down Queen Murphy bed for sleeping and relaxing on.   Cathedral ceilings. Cute electric fireplace heats the unit and has a large fan to cool it in the summer and a window air conditioner.  NO laundry.  Additional enclosed patio room to store belongings/bike. etc. There is another bunk bed with a twin and full size bed but this room is not insulated so would be very cold in the winter and is not meant as a bedroom. 
Street parking in front of main house or down the street.
 Rent is $1,100 a month and including all utilities: wireless internet, basic cable, water, gas
and electric.   Deposit is  $700.00. If you leave before 6 months or without notice, deposit could be used. 
Only serious applicants will be able to view it after I talk to you and determine you might be a good tenant. I can send you an application ahead of time that can be brought to the viewing. The tenants in the front house will need to also meet and approve of the applicant since the studio's windows look into their back yard. Be honest please as I may do a background and credit check. 
*Traveling Nurse, student, Military or someone here temporarily on business  or to get out of the cold would be ideal. 
 Please leave me information about yourself and why you would be a good applicant when you reply to this e-mail or you can leave a phone message and follow up with a text.  It will be helpful to know your source of income, desired move in date, PHONE NUMBER,

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 11:57
Price: $1100
Latitude: 32.849716
Longitude: -117.009972
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 450
