$1595 / 2br - Pepper Valley, Central A/C, Washer and Dryer in Unit, Pool & More!! (El Cajon)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Pepper Valley ~ MOVE IN SPECIAL $300 OFF (OAC) fREE CREDIT CHECKS
Welcome home to Pepper Valley located in El Cajon, California. You will find we are conveniently located near fantastic local shopping, dining, and entertainment. With easy access to Highway 67 and I-8, we are your gateway to anywhere you want to go in the Winter Gardens area.
Our community offers two and three bedroom apartment homes featuring carpeted floors, ceiling fans, central air and heating, and an in-home washer and dryer. You'll love cooking in your beautiful all-electric kitchen, fully equipped with a dishwasher and refrigerator. You can unwind beside the fireplace for a relaxing evening indoors, or soak in the view from your balcony or patio. You'll enjoy every moment you spend here at Pepper Valley.
Experience life in our vibrant and exciting community. Residents have access to a multitude of great outdoor amenities such as a picnic area with barbecues and a nearby public park. Cool off in our shimmering swimming pool, or work up a sweat in our state-of-the-art fitness center. Call us to schedule your personal tour today and let us show you your new home at Pepper Valley.
APARTMENT FEATURES
  All-electric Kitchen 
  Balcony or Patio
  Cable and Satellite Available 
  Carpeted Floors
  Ceiling Fans 
  Central Air and Heating
  Disability Access 
  Dishwasher
  Electric Fireplace 
  Mini Blinds
  Refrigerator 
  Some Paid Utilities
  Vertical Blinds 
  Washer and Dryer In Home
COMMUNITY AMENITIES
  Access to Public Transportation 
  Beautiful Landscaping
  Cable Ready 
  Disability Access
  Easy Access to Freeways and Shopping 
  Guest Parking
  Laundry Facility 
  On-call Maintenance
  Picnic Area with Barbecue 
  Public Parks Nearby
  Shimmering Swimming Pool 
  State-of-the-art Fitness Center
For More Information or to view a unit please call
Anita  show contact info

www.peppervalleyapartments.com
Proudly Managed by Hoban Management

Date Posted: October 29, 2018 at 09:13
Price: $1595
Latitude: 32.820939
Longitude: -116.931842
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: NA
