$1500 / 2br - 882ft2 - 2BR Montebello Villas, 300 Off!! Pool, Spa, Smoke Free Community!! (El Cajon)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
MOVE-IN SPECIAL $300 OFF 1ST MONTH (OAC)!!!  FREE CREDIT CHECK!!!!
Welcome Home to Montebello
Bring your search for great apartment home living in El Cajon, California to an end, because you've found it at Montebello! Our community is just minutes from great schools, parks, fine shopping and dining. Montebello has a prime location for you and your family to enjoy the city life in El Cajon!
At Montebello, finding the perfect apartment home to fit your needs has never been easier! Designed to enhance your way of living, our apartments feature an all electric kitchen, carpeted and hardwood floors, extra storage, your own balcony or patio, and more! Our community allows our residents to maintain a lifestyle of comfort and convenience.
The luxury doesn't end when you leave your apartment home because Montebello features great community amenities suitable for any lifestyle. Unwind in the evening with a walk around our beautifully landscaped community or take a dip in our shimmering swimming pool or soothing spa and hot tub. Come see why Montebello is the perfect place for you to call home.
Apartment Features
Air Conditioning
All Electric Kitchen
Balcony or Patio
Cable Ready
Carpeted Floors
Ceiling Fans
Central Air and Heating
Disability Access
Dishwasher
Extra Storage
Hardwood Floors
Microwave
Mirrored Closet Doors
Refrigerator
Community Amenities
Access to Public Transportation
Assigned Parking
Beautiful Landscaping
Cable Available
Disability Access
Easy Access to Freeways
Easy Access to Shopping
Laundry Facility
On-call Maintenance
Shimmering Swimming Pool
Soothing Spa and Hot Tub
For more information or to view the unit callshow contact info

http://www.montebellovillas.com
Proudly Managed by Hoban Management

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 15:40
Price: $1500
Latitude: 32.781098
Longitude: -116.950956
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 882
