$1825 / 2br - 950ft2 - Move to the best school district in SD County! 2&3 Bedrooms Available Now!

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 x 69OR Text 69 to  show contact info
 to text our leasing team. This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 950 Sq. Ft.  LUXURY APARTMENTS FOR STYLISH LIVING IN SUNNY LA MESAIf you've been looking for a new place to relax and call home, your search will end in the modern, stylish and beautiful apartments at Echo Pointe! Our newly renovated 2 and 3-bedroom units are the pinnacle in luxury living, offering gorgeous living spaces and all-new appliances.Our community is located a short distance from freeways 94 and 125, so getting away is simple. Downtown La Mesa is also a short distance away, offering the best in shopping, restaurants and much more. When you live at Echo Pointe, you'll have the chance to experience the absolute best in luxury apartment living.With all-new modern appliances, beautiful plank flooring and a number of amenities, the apartments at Echo Pointe make luxury living practical, fun and comfortable.Get in touch with us to schedule a tour today! We'd love to help you learn more about how our sleek apartments can fit into your lifestyle.  Features: Breakfast Bar*, Heater, Dishwasher*, Ceiling Fans, Air Conditioning, Plank Flooring, Detachable Spray Nozzle, New Carpet, Extra Storage, Refrigerator, New Black Appliances, Garbage Disposal, Balcony*, Quartz Countertops  *In select units Community Amenities: Near Public Transit, Professional Management, Assigned Parking, 24-hour emergency maintenance, Laundry Facilities, Storage Rooms, Pet-Friendly  Pet Policy: Luxury living at Echo Pointe offers plenty of space, so whether it's just you or a larger family, everyone can live in comfort. There's even room for your favorite furry friends! Cats and dogs are welcomed at Echo Pointe with an additional deposit and monthly pet fee. Interested in more information? See link below:http://live.fpimgt.com/b5w3x8Equal Housing Opportunity 9e8T5jfCxO8

Date Posted: October 09, 2018 at 15:49
Price: $1825
Latitude: 32.756363
Longitude: -117.012756
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 950
