$1825 / 2br - 950ft2 - Downstairs Renovated 2x2 Available now. Call for Move in Specials

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 x 73OR Text 73 to  show contact info
 to contact a leasing agent. This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 950 Sq. Ft.  LUXURY APARTMENTS FOR STYLISH LIVING IN SUNNY LA MESAIf you've been looking for a new place to relax and call home, your search will end in the modern, stylish and beautiful apartments at Echo Pointe! Our newly renovated 2 and 3-bedroom units are the pinnacle in luxury living, offering gorgeous living spaces and all-new appliances.Our community is located a short distance from freeways 94 and 125, so getting away is simple. Downtown La Mesa is also a short distance away, offering the best in shopping, restaurants and much more. When you live at Echo Pointe, you'll have the chance to experience the absolute best in luxury apartment living.With all-new modern appliances, beautiful plank flooring and a number of amenities, the apartments at Echo Pointe make luxury living practical, fun and comfortable.Get in touch with us to schedule a tour today! We'd love to help you learn more about how our sleek apartments can fit into your lifestyle.  Features: Balcony*, Heater, Refrigerator, Dishwasher*, Extra Storage, Quartz Countertops, Plank Flooring, New Carpet, Garbage Disposal, New Black Appliances, Breakfast Bar*, Air Conditioning, Ceiling Fans, Detachable Spray Nozzle  *In select units Community Amenities: Pet-Friendly, Laundry Facilities, 24-hour emergency maintenance, Professional Management, Near Public Transit, Assigned Parking, Storage Rooms  Pet Policy: Luxury living at Echo Pointe offers plenty of space, so whether it's just you or a larger family, everyone can live in comfort. There's even room for your favorite furry friends! Cats and dogs are welcomed at Echo Pointe with an additional deposit and monthly pet fee. See our property details here:http://live.fpimgt.com/9bm617Equal Housing Opportunity SvdV9NR5xK

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 11:41
Price: $1825
Latitude: 32.756363
Longitude: -117.012756
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 950
