$1762 / 1br - 767ft2 - Spacious 1 bedroom, Beautifully upgraded! Tour our community today (La Mesa)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Fall Into Your new Home  WELCOME TO SETA Call Now:  show contact info
SETA Apartments 7346 Parkway Dr, La Mesa, CA, 91942Follow The Link Below:http://discover.rvmcorp.com/i2y9Ls This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 767 Sq. Ft.  Start fresh at SETA, an innovative community of brand new 1, 2 & 3 bedroom apartments in La Mesa, California. Live in a vibrant setting where you can create the home that you've always imagined, near shopping, dining and entertainment. We're right off the 8 near SDSU and Grossmont Center, with easy access to freeways and public transportation. Our modern apartment homes feature designer details and eco-friendly amenities. Seize the day. Come home to SETA, the stylish new apartments for intrepid urban adventurers. Features - Polished granite countertops  - Linen closets with wire shelving*  - Crown molding in living & dining areas  - Full size washer & dryer in-unit  - Generously appointed baths with oversized soaking tubs  - Modern wood-look plank flooring*  - French doors leading to patio or balcony  - Multiple outlets for Internet, cable and phones  - Sumptuous master baths with tiled floors, framed mirrors and granite counters  - High nine-foot ceilings  - Spacious walk-in closets with custom shelving  - Modern kitchens in two color scheme options  - Dual sink vanities*  - Gourmet kitchen island*  - Lighted ceiling fans in living and master bedroom  - Energy Star appliances in black & silver  - Expansive dual pane windows with two inch wood-style blinds  - Prewired for intrusion alarms Community Amenities - Billiards table  - Media area  - Spa  - Heated pool  - Quick and easy access to freeways and public transportation  - Showers  - Lush landscaping  - Entertaining bar/kitchen  - Conveniently located off Interstate 8  - 100% Smoke free community  - 24-hour WiFi lounge with two dedicated computers, small business capabilities, printer and private conference room.  - Cabanas  - Gas barbecue grilling stations  - Dog run with agility equipment*Bocce ball court and other lawn games  - Social lounge  - Attached & detached garages with openers*  - 24-hour modern fitness center  - Sundeck  - Outdoor fireplace lounge  - Conference and private dining room Pet Policy Breed Restrictions Apply - Call for Details Driving Directions I-8 east to 70th Street/ Lake Murray boulevard. Right on Alvarado. Right on Lake Murray Blvd. Right on Parkway Dr. Office Hours Open Monday through Saturday, 10AM - 6PM Equal Housing Opportunity 95yAg9gO

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 09:35
Price: $1762
Latitude: 32.773179
Longitude: -117.039297
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 767
