$1830 / 1br - 846ft2 - Beautiful 1-Bedroom, Spacious Layout, W+D In Unit, Central A/C! (La Mesa)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Relax in Your New Home  WELCOME TO SETA Call Now:  show contact info
SETA Apartments 7346 Parkway Dr, La Mesa, CA, 91942Want more info? See the link below:http://discover.rvmcorp.com/w45c48 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 846 Sq. Ft.  Start fresh at SETA, an innovative community of brand new 1, 2 & 3 bedroom apartments in La Mesa, California. Live in a vibrant setting where you can create the home that you've always imagined, near shopping, dining and entertainment. We're right off the 8 near SDSU and Grossmont Center, with easy access to freeways and public transportation. Our modern apartment homes feature designer details and eco-friendly amenities. Seize the day. Come home to SETA, the stylish new apartments for intrepid urban adventurers. Features - Prewired for intrusion alarms  - Sumptuous master baths with tiled floors, framed mirrors and granite counters  - Multiple outlets for Internet, cable and phones  - Dual sink vanities*  - Generously appointed baths with oversized soaking tubs  - Lighted ceiling fans in living and master bedroom  - Modern wood-look plank flooring*  - Expansive dual pane windows with two inch wood-style blinds  - French doors leading to patio or balcony  - High nine-foot ceilings  - Linen closets with wire shelving*  - Polished granite countertops  - Crown molding in living & dining areas  - Energy Star appliances in black & silver  - Spacious walk-in closets with custom shelving  - Gourmet kitchen island*  - Modern kitchens in two color scheme options  - Full size washer & dryer in-unit Community Amenities - Sundeck  - Media area  - Billiards table  - Heated pool  - Lush landscaping  - Showers  - Spa  - 100% Smoke free community  - Conveniently located off Interstate 8  - Dog run with agility equipment*Bocce ball court and other lawn games  - 24-hour modern fitness center  - 24-hour WiFi lounge with two dedicated computers, small business capabilities, printer and private conference room.  - Gas barbecue grilling stations  - Quick and easy access to freeways and public transportation  - Cabanas  - Outdoor fireplace lounge  - Attached & detached garages with openers*  - Conference and private dining room  - Entertaining bar/kitchen  - Social lounge Pet Policy Breed Restrictions Apply - Call for Details Driving Directions I-8 east to 70th Street/ Lake Murray boulevard. Right on Alvarado. Right on Lake Murray Blvd. Right on Parkway Dr. Office Hours Open Monday through Saturday, 10AM - 6PM Equal Housing Opportunity Pg5FmvG51

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 17:10
Price: $1830
Latitude: 32.773179
Longitude: -117.039297
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 846
