$1695 / 2br - 2BR  El Palacio Apartments!!  Washer and Dryer in Unit and Much More!! (El Cajon)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Welcome to El Palacio Apartments
Welcome Home to El Palacio! Located in El Cajon, close to San Diego, CA, El Palacio offers the best of all worlds. Its proximity to the I-67 and I-8 freeways provide easy access to most commutes. El Palacio is just steps away from Public Transportation, schools, shopping and fine dining. Walk to accomplish just about any errand you might have. 
El Palacio features spacious two bedroom two bath condominium rentals in a gated community. With designer kitchens that feature granite counter-tops, stainless-steel appliances, cherry wood cabinetry, and microwaves, so you'll love to cook here. El Palacio offers upgraded floors, carpeting, walk-in closets and custom interior paint which makes your new home very comfortable.
El Palacio affords its Residents with a beautiful courtyard, BBQ Area, gated parking and available garages which makes El Palacio the perfect place to relax after a hectic day at the office. There is ample visitor parking and convenient laundry facilities. Visit our photo gallery to see our spacious floor plans and view photos of the apartment interiors and see why El Palacio is the perfect place to call home! 
SORRY NO Pets or Section 8
Community Amenities
Access to Public Transportation
Assigned Parking
Beautiful Landscaping
Disability Access
Easy Access to Freeways
Easy Access to Shopping
Gated Access
Guest Parking
On-call Maintenance
Soothing Spa
Apartment Features
Air Conditioning
All Electric Kitchen
Cable Ready
Carpeted Floors
Dishwasher
Hardwood Floors
Refrigerator
Some Paid Utilities
Spacious Walk In Closets
Washer/Dryer In-Unit
Call for more information or to view the unitshow contact info

www.ElPalacioApartments.com 
Proudly Managed by Hoban Management

Date Posted: September 21, 2018 at 17:43
Price: $1695
Latitude: 32.801303
Longitude: -116.960320
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: NA
