$1550 / 1br - 684ft2 - Enjoy the El Cajon Lifestyle! (El Cajon)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
$500 Deposit On Approved Credit 
 Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 684 Sq. Ft. 
Finding available El Cajon, California Apartments has just gotten even easier. Situated in a welcoming atmosphere, Forest Park Apartments is a quiet and comfortable community. Our ideal location places you within close proximity to shopping malls and fine dining. Forest Park also provides easy access to the 8 Freeway and Trolley and bus lines, for all your commuting needs. Whatever you pleasure, Forest Park Apartments is conveniently close. Living in El Cajon does not get any better than this.
At Forest Park, we know you'll be pleased with the spacious one and two bedroom floor plans that we offer. Each apartment home features a fully equipped kitchen with frost-free refrigerator, air conditioning, and generous closet space. Forest Park Apartments is the standard of luxury, convenience and style in San Diego apartment home living. Come home today and start living life the way you deserve!
Take a leisurely stroll around our attractively landscaped grounds or enjoy a refreshing dip in our sparkling pool - it's all here for your comfort and peace of mind. At Forest Park, our excellent service and attractive location create an uncompromising living environment. All this and affordable rent - visit our photo gallery to see why Forest Park Apartments is a great place to call home. 
Features:
Newly Renovated Spacious 1, 2 and 3 bedroom Floor Plans, Air Conditioning, Fully Equipped Kitchens with Black Appliances, Generous Closet Space, Select units with Spacious Patios, Balconies and yards 
Community Amenities:
24 Hour Emergency Maintenance, Four Gorgeous pools and One Therapeutic Spa, Outdoor kitchen areas throughout the community, Online Payments accepted, Parking with Storage available, Greenbelt and City Views 
Pet Policy:
Cats and Dogs Allowed
Call to ask about breed restrictions 
Need more information? Copy this link:
http://live.fpimgt.com/5L5522
Equal Housing Opportunity 
ngSTuJ3M

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 10:04
Price: $1550
Latitude: 32.805809
Longitude: -116.979083
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 684
