$1495 / 2br - Greentree, walk in closet, pool, spa,laundry on site, assigned parking (El Cajon)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
GREENTREE   MOVE IN SPECIAL $200 OFF 1st. MONTH (OAC)
Located in beautiful El Cajon, California, Greentree Apartments is an intimate community meticulously crafted to provide you with contemporary apartment home living. Our ideal location places you within close proximity to wonderful nearby shopping, dining, and entertainment options. Greentree Apartments easy access to major freeways allows the adventurer the find a multitude of new and exciting adventures. Whether you like indoor or outdoor activities, Southern California is the place to be. 
Choose one of the three thoughtfully designed floor plans that are offered at Greentree Apartments. Our one and two bedroom homes feature all-electric kitchens with pantry, generous closet space, carpeted floors, and ceiling fans. Relax outside on your patio or inside in the air conditioning, depending on the mood of the weather. Living with quality and style is an everyday experience at Greentree Apartments.
Outside your front door, you will find a number of recreational amenities that add to the ambiance that is Greentree Apartments. Take a refreshing swim in our sparkling pool, unwind in our soothing spa, or take a leisurely stroll through one of the many nearby public parks. The on-call and on-site maintenance, laundry facility, and assigned parking are conveniences that make all the difference. Visit our photo gallery to see why Greentree Apartments is the perfect place to call home!
COMMUNITY FEATURES
Access to Public Transportation
Assigned Parking
Cable Ready
Easy Access to Freeways
Easy Access to Shopping
Laundry Facility
On-call Maintenance
On-site Maintenance
Picnic Area with Barbecue
Public Parks Nearby
Shimmering Swimming Pool
Short-term Leasing Available
Soothing Spa
APARTMENT FEATURES
Downstairs 
Air Conditioning
All-electric Kitchen
Cable Ready
Carpeted Floors
Ceiling Fans
Pantry
Patio
Refrigerator
Some Paid Utilities
Spacious Walk-in Closet
Vertical Blinds
For More Information or to view a unit please call
Rose  show contact info

www.thegreentreeapts.com
Proudly Managed by Hoban Management

Date Posted: October 02, 2018 at 17:11
Price: $1495
Latitude: 32.796013
Longitude: -116.940132
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: NA
