$1600 / 2br - 865ft2 - JAW DROPPING DEALS! (SANTEE)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
HIGHLINE APARTMENT HOMES
WELCOME TO HIGHLINE APARTMENT HOMES
Office Hours Monday-Saturday 9:00AM-6:00PM
Call Now:  show contact info

8729 Graves Avenue
Santee, CA 92071
Highline Apartment Homes in Santee, CA, features one and two bedroom apartment homes designed with your comfort and style in mind. Our fully renovated apartments include premium features such as stainless steel appliances, wood plank flooring, and a custom back splash. Nestled between gently rolling hills and near refreshing lakes, Highline offers the comfortable convenience of urban living with the serenity and comfort of the country. Our location provides easy access to multiple freeways including Hwy 52, Hwy 67, and Interstate 8 along with close proximity to Trolley Square for public transportation, restaurants and shopping.
Live near work, school, recreation, and entertainment, with plenty of shopping centers nearby. Highline offers lovely amenities that are sure to make your social life the sun-kissed dream you've always envisioned. Our spacious and accommodating one and two bedroom floor plans cater to all. Our apartments feature expansive living area, central air conditioning, vinyl wood plank flooring throughout, lushly carpeted floors in bedrooms, white designer shaker style cabinets and stainless appliances. Come home to Highline Apartments today!
Residence Features
Fully Remodeled Apartment Homes
Central Air Conditioning via Nest 
Ceiling Fans
Stainless Steel Appliances
All New Counter-tops 
Enclosed Dog Park 
Community Amenities
Professional & Friendly Office Staff
24 Hour Emergency Maintenance 
Helpful and Trained On-site Maintenance Staff
7 Laundry Care Facilities
RESORT STYLE POOL 
Beautifully Landscaped Grounds
Barbecues
Gated Community
Courtesy Patrol
Pricing may include current special and is subject to change without notice. 
Another Community professionally managed by FPI Management, Inc.
San Diego, Spring Valley, El Cajon, La mesa, Alpine, Del Cerro, Lemon Grove, Mira Mesa, Mira Mar

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 16:52
Price: $1600
Latitude: 32.848600
Longitude: -116.986200
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 865
