$1586 / 1br - 646ft2 - $750 OFF 1st MONTHS RENT! Beautiful 1B/1BATH in great location! (La Mesa)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 x 27OR Text 27 to  show contact info
 to contact our leasing team. This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 646 Sq. Ft.  At Alterra and Pravada Apartments we keep your well-being and peace of mind, top of mind. It's why we offer two heated pools; community gatherings to meet your needs. Here, we wear our LEED® Gold certification with pride--because no amenity, no detail is too minor to mind. Explore San Diego with a trolley stop in your front yard, or retail shops and restaurants just steps away. Welcome home to Alterra and Pravada: the most connected, thoughtful apartments in San Diego.  Features: Private patio*, Dual-pane windows, In-home washer & dryer, Kitchen appliance package in either sleek black or clean steel, Breakfast bar or kitchen island, Walk-in closets*, Easily accessible outdoor storage*, Smart home technology*, Choice of cherry or espresso cabinets  *Select Apartment Homes Community Amenities: Green building/achieved LEED® Gold certification, Two elegant clubroom with plasma TV and WiFi access, Pet friendly (see pet policy for details), Adjacent to dining and services, and minutes to Grossmont Center and Sharp Grossmont Hospital, Two outdoor entertainment plazas with fireside lounge, barbecues and picnic areas, Two high-tech fitness centers with plasma TVs & towel service, Walking distance to Grossmont Trolley Center offering direct access to SDSU, Mission Valley and downtown San Diego, Free WiFi access in common areas, Two resident business centers with a printer, fax/copier and high speed internet, Controlled access parking garage with elevators, Planned resident events Need more information? Copy this link:http://cl.greystar.com/w9v333Equal Housing Opportunity AmdqaFSXk6r

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 16:02
Price: $1586
Latitude: 32.783500
Longitude: -117.018900
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 646
