$1695 / 2br - Evergreen Villas, Soothing Spa, Shimmering Swimming Pool and More!!! (El Cajon)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Evergreen Villas ~ MOVE IN SPECIAL $200 OFF (OAC)
Experience a lifestyle of comfort at Evergreen Villas. Our quaint apartment community is situated in the city of El Cajon in San Diego County, California. With easy access to I-8, you will find your favorite specialty shops, parks, and restaurants all nearby. Let Evergreen Villas be your gateway to the excitement of Southern California.
There's something for everyone at Evergreen Villas. Our beautiful community offers a lovely two bedroom apartment home featuring the amenities you deserve. Residences include a patio or balcony area, an all-electric gourmet kitchen, tile and carpeted flooring, ceiling fans, spacious walk-in closets with extra storage, vertical blinds, and a washer and dryer. A new quality of life is awaiting you at Evergreen Villas.
You don't have to travel far to enjoy a sparkling swimming pool, soothing spa, or a picnic area complete with barbecues. Our residents appreciate our on-call maintenance, access to public transportation, and nearby public parks. Our team is dedicated to providing everything you need for a comfortable lifestyle. Take a tour of our photo gallery or call us to schedule your personal tour and let us show you why Evergreen Villas is the perfect place to call home.
COMMUNITY FEATURES
Access to Public Transportation
Cable Ready
Easy Access to Freeways and Shopping
On-call Maintenance
Picnic Area with Barbecue
Public Parks Nearby
Shimmering Swimming Pool
Soothing Spa
APARTMENT FEATURES
All-electric Kitchen
Cable Ready
Carpeted Floors
Ceiling Fans
Central Air Conditioning and Heating
Disability Access
Dishwasher
Extra Storage
Microwave
Private Balconies and Patios
Refrigerator
Spacious Walk-in Closets
Tile Floors
Vertical Blinds
Washer and Dryer in Home
For More Information or to view a unit please call
Ashley  show contact info

www. www.evergreenvillas.net
Proudly Managed by Hoban Management

Date Posted: October 03, 2018 at 08:10
Price: $1695
Latitude: 32.792800
Longitude: -116.966500
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: NA
