$1445 / 400ft2 - Ceiling Fans, Carpeted Flooring, On-site Laundry Facilities, Spas (Carlsbad)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a Studio, 1 Bath, approximately 400 Sq. Ft. 
The Reserve at Carlsbad offers quality apartments with well-equipped kitchens, brand name appliances and private patios or balconies.
Our community offers studio, one- and two-bedroom floor plans with amenities aimed at providing you a comfortable lifestyle. From our pools and spas to our breathtaking hillside setting, We're just the place you'll want to call home. Come for a tour today!
Located in Northern San Diego we're conveniently located near the 5 and 78 freeways, Carlsbad State Beach and plenty of excellent local shopping and dining, including Premium Outlets, Carlsbad Village Art & Antique Mall, Swami's, Norte, and Spirito's.
Pricing and availability are subject to change. Please contact our leasing office for current pricing and specials. 
Features:
Spacious Layouts with Patio or Balcony in Select Apartments, Carpeted Flooring, Pre-wired for Fiber Optic Cable and High Speed Internet, Mirrored Closet Doors, Crown Molding, Ceiling Fans, Ample Storage Space, Well-Equipped Kitchens Including Dishwashers, Accent Walls 
Community Amenities:
Carports and Assigned Parking Available, Spas, 24hr Fitness Center, Within Prestigious Carlsbad School District, On-site Storage Available, Beautiful Hiking Trails, Easy Access to Public Transportation, Free Wi-Fi in Common Areas, Beaches Nearby, Walking Distance to The Shoppes at Carlsbad, Easy Access to the 5 and 78 Freeways, Convenient to Shopping and Dining, Swimming Pools, BBQ Areas, On-site Laundry Facilities 
Pet Policy:
Dogs and Cats Welcome (with some breed restrictions) Up to two - Deposit & Pet Rent apply. 
Follow The Link Below:
http://rent.decron.com/9wpx48
Equal Housing Opportunity 
UutBLGn8V

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 17:31
Price: $1445
Latitude: 33.160200
Longitude: -117.325000
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 400
