$1450 / 1br - 740ft2 - 1x1 Gated Community, Granite Counter Tops,Recessed Lights (Vista next To Brengle Terrace Park)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

 Granite Counter Tops, Recessed Lights!!! Gated Community
This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 740 Sq. Ft. 
Vale Creek Villas Apartments is one of North County's premier apartment communities. It has undergone extensive remodeling with highly upgraded interiors including granite kitchen and bathrooms and new cabinets*. This gated community has lush landscaping with palm trees, a beautiful spa next to a natural creek that runs throughout the site. It is conveniently located next to Brengle Terrace Park and Moonlight Amphitheatre and is within walking distance of shopping centers, restaurants, public transportation, medical facilities, parks and recreational centers.
Walking and running trail starts across the street meandering through natural preserve! 
Features:
Microwave*, Modern Ceiling Fans, Two Walk-in Closets*, Upgraded interiors*, Alcove for desk in 2 bedroom units, Private master suites*, New Cabinets*, Highly upgraded fixtures*, Large Balcony*, Small private yards*, Linen and Walk-in Closets *, Full Appliance package, Built-in Book Cases, Large Standard Closets, Mirrored Closet Doors, Private Garage Available with Remote and Extra Storage!*, Granite Counter Tops in kitchen and Bathrooms*, Lots of storage space 
* In Select Units
Community Amenities:
On Site Manager's Office, Barbeque and Picnic Area, Next to Brengle Terrace Park and Moonlight Amphitheatre, Large Modern Sundeck, Spa, Across the street from running/walking trail, Tropical Landscaping around natural creek, Less than 1 mile from Vista Magnet Middle School, Garages and Carports, Unique Park-like Setting, On-site Laundry Facilities, Gated Community, Next to large park with Frisbee Golf, Tennis Courts, Ample Storage Lockers 
Pet Policy:
Cats Allowed
Dogs Allowed - Small dogs under 20 lbs (Not All Breeds). 
Need more information? Copy this link:
http://info.valecreekvillas.com/3g7db4
Equal Housing Opportunity 
ZHijtWn440i6

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 08:23
Price: $1450
Latitude: 33.208962
Longitude: -117.226439
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 740
