$1650 / 2br - Variety of floor plans and level of renovations, WE have your new home (Carlsbad)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

2 Bedroom, 1.5 & 2 Bath available, approximately 698 to 858 Sq. Ft. (some include washer and dryer in the unit)
The Reserve at Carlsbad offers quality apartments with well-equipped kitchens, brand name appliances and private patios or balconies.
Our community offers studio, one- and two-bedroom floor plans with amenities aimed at providing you a comfortable lifestyle. From our pools and spas to our breathtaking hillside setting, We're just the place you'll want to call home. Come for a tour today!
Located in Northern San Diego we're conveniently located near the 5 and 78 freeways, Carlsbad State Beach and plenty of excellent local shopping and dining, including Premium Outlets, Carlsbad Village Art & Antique Mall, Swami's, Norte, and Spirito's.
Pricing and availability are subject to change. Please contact our leasing office for current pricing and specials. 
Features:
Well-Equipped Kitchens Including Dishwashers, Crown Molding, Accent Walls, Carpeted Flooring, Ceiling Fans, Mirrored Closet Doors, Ample Storage Space, Pre-wired for Fiber Optic Cable and High Speed Internet, Spacious Layouts with Patio or Balcony in Select Apartments 
Community Amenities:
Easy Access to the 5 and 78 Freeways, Beaches Nearby, Walking Distance to The Shoppes at Carlsbad, Easy Access to Public Transportation, BBQ Areas, On-site Laundry Facilities, 24hr Fitness Center, Convenient to Shopping and Dining, Beautiful Hiking Trails, Spas, Carports and Assigned Parking Available, On-site Storage Available, Swimming Pools, Within Prestigious Carlsbad School District, Free Wi-Fi in Common Areas 
Pet Policy:
Dogs and Cats Welcome (with some breed restrictions) Up to two - Deposit & Pet Rent apply. 
Use the link below for more details:
http://rent.decron.com/hen531
Equal Housing Opportunity 
c8gJoxk07yKI

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 12:09
Price: $1650
Latitude: 33.175508
Longitude: -117.330688
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 0
Sqft: NA
