$2070 / 2br - 846ft2 - We Want To Give You 1 Month FREE!!! 2x2's with Washer/Dryer (Carlsbad)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 846-848 Sq. Ft. Newly Renovated and incudes washer and dryer and wood flooring to name a few!!!
The Reserve at Carlsbad offers quality apartments with well-equipped kitchens, brand name appliances and private patios or balconies.
Our community offers studio, one- and two-bedroom floor plans with amenities aimed at providing you a comfortable lifestyle. From our pools and spas to our breathtaking hillside setting, We're just the place you'll want to call home. Come for a tour today!
Located in Northern San Diego we're conveniently located near the 5 and 78 freeways, Carlsbad State Beach and plenty of excellent local shopping and dining, including Premium Outlets, Carlsbad Village Art & Antique Mall, Swami's, Norte, and Spirito's.
Pricing and availability are subject to change. Please contact our leasing office for current pricing and specials. 
Features:
Well-Equipped Kitchens Including Dishwashers, Ample Storage Space, Pre-wired for Fiber Optic Cable and High Speed Internet, Carpeted Flooring, Accent Walls, Ceiling Fans, Mirrored Closet Doors, Crown Molding, Spacious Layouts with Patio or Balcony in Select Apartments 
Community Amenities:
Beaches Nearby, Easy Access to Public Transportation, Within Prestigious Carlsbad School District, On-site Laundry Facilities, Swimming Pools, 24hr Fitness Center, Convenient to Shopping and Dining, Carports and Assigned Parking Available, BBQ Areas, Spas, Free Wi-Fi in Common Areas, Easy Access to the 5 and 78 Freeways, Beautiful Hiking Trails, On-site Storage Available, Walking Distance to The Shoppes at Carlsbad 
Pet Policy:
Dogs and Cats Welcome (with some breed restrictions) Up to two - Deposit & Pet Rent apply. 
Want more info on this unit? See the link (below):
http://rent.decron.com/xee4r0
Equal Housing Opportunity 
4sBJz8H26

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 10:44
Price: $2070
Latitude: 33.175508
Longitude: -117.330688
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 846
