$2575 / 3br - 1244ft2 - We Got The Stuff You Want In A New Home, Lots Of Things Which Do Stuff (Vista)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
North County Nirvana Skye features gorgous new apartment homes in San Diego's North County, where the views are limitless. High atop a ridgeline in the city of Vista, Skye' offers panoramic views and cool ocean breezes. Our exceptional location is tucked away and yet just moments from the Sprinter, the 5 and 78 freeways, Skye is also close to Vista Village's quirky eateries, world-class breweries and entertainment spots, and some of San Diego's most enchanting beaches.Skye offers one, two and three bedroom apartment homes with spacious layouts, modern appliances and sleek finishes. Multiple social spaces like an outdoor viewing deck, central pool plaza, top-notch fitness center will keep you as socially connected as you like. Consider it your sparkling new apartment home just this side of paradise.Skye Apartments: North County Nirvana.  Call Now:  show contact info
Want more info on this unit? See the link (below):http://fairfield-apts.com/w52ev3 This is a 3 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1244 Sq. Ft. Features - Stainless Energy Star appliances  - Modern wood-look plank flooring in entry and kitchen  - Modern kitchens in two color schemes  - Shaker-style cabinets in dark maple or gray  - Sumptuous master baths with tiled floors, framed mirrors, and granite vanity tops  - High nine-foot ceilings  - Gas stove  - In-home washer/dryer  - Granite countertops and backsplash Community Amenities - Central plaza with heated pool, spa, sundeck, cabana & showers  - Energize: 24-hour modern fitness center  - Electric car charging station  - Play: GAME ROOM:  - Dog run  - Online Payments Available  - Quick and easy access to freeways and public transportation  - Mingle- community room  - Gas barbecue grilling stations  - Play Zone:Tot lot  - Attached garages with openers*  - Close to Sprinter and Highway 78  - 100% Smoke free community  - Synergy: Conference and private dining room  - Engage: Resident social lounge  - Flex: On-demand workout area  - Bicycle racks  - Network WiFi Lounge: 24-hour multi-station business center  - Gated entrance with card access Pet Policy Cats and dogs, including puppies and kittens are welcome! Please see our website for more details about accepted breeds, deposits and pet rent. Office Hours Mon-Fri 10am-6pm; Sat. 9am-5pm; Sun. 10am-5pm Skye Apartments 501 W. Bobier Drive, Vista, CA, 92083Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. Equal Housing Opportunity Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. a6b2CE9Gi

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 12:13
Price: $2575
Latitude: 33.221205
Longitude: -117.253410
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1244
