$1795 / 2br - Parklane Apartment Homes! Shimmering Pool, A/C, BBQ Area and More! (San Diego)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
FREE CREDIT CHECKS!!!!
Welcome home to Parklane Apartments in beautiful San Diego, CA. Our beautiful apartment home community is located in the heart of San Diego just off of I-15. With easy access to local parks, fine dining, great shopping, and entertainment hot spots, let Parklane Apartments be your gateway to fun and excitement in San Diego. 
At Parklane Apartments, finding an apartment home to fit your needs has never been easier. Our spacious and inviting apartment homes were designed with you in mind. With four floor plans to choose from, there's something for everyone at Parklane Apartments. Our great apartment amenities include air conditioning, breakfast bars and refrigerators, and so much more! Parklane Apartments offers residents a lifestyle of comfort and convenience.
Great apartment home living doesn't stop when you leave your front door. That's why our community has something for everyone. We are proud to feature assigned parking, disability access, a shimmering swimming pool, and a state-of-the-art fitness center to ensure that all of our residents feel at ease and at home. Our commitment to your comfort and quality of life is second to none. Visit today and see what makes Parklane Apartments the best-kept secret in San Diego, CA! 
Apartment Features
Air Conditioning
All Electric Kitchen
Balcony or Patio
Breakfast Bar
Carpeted Floors
Ceiling Fans
Central Heat and Air
Disability Access
Dishwasher
Extra Storage
Hardwood Floors
Microwave
Refrigerator
Vertical Blinds
Walk-in Closets
Community Amenities
Access to Public Transportation
Assigned Parking
Beautiful Landscaping
Disability Access
Easy Access to Freeways
Easy Access to Shopping
Laundry Facility
On-call Maintenance
Picnic Area with Barbecue
Public Parks Nearby 
Shimmering Swimming Pool
State-of-the-art Fitness Center
For more information or to view a unit call show contact info

www.parklanesandiego.com
Proudly managed by Hoban Management

Date Posted: October 23, 2018 at 14:54
Price: $1795
Latitude: 32.905369
Longitude: -117.117958
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
