$2465 / 2br - 1082ft2 - I Can't Sing, But I Can Show You The Best Apartments In Vista! (Vista)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
North County Nirvana Skye features gorgous new apartment homes in San Diego's North County, where the views are limitless. High atop a ridgeline in the city of Vista, Skye' offers panoramic views and cool ocean breezes. Our exceptional location is tucked away and yet just moments from the Sprinter, the 5 and 78 freeways, Skye is also close to Vista Village's quirky eateries, world-class breweries and entertainment spots, and some of San Diego's most enchanting beaches.Skye offers one, two and three bedroom apartment homes with spacious layouts, modern appliances and sleek finishes. Multiple social spaces like an outdoor viewing deck, central pool plaza, top-notch fitness center will keep you as socially connected as you like. Consider it your sparkling new apartment home just this side of paradise.Skye Apartments: North County Nirvana.  Call Now:  show contact info
Interested in more information? Visit link below:http://fairfield-apts.com/a7sq8t This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1082 Sq. Ft. Features - Gas stove  - Sumptuous master baths with tiled floors, framed mirrors, and granite vanity tops  - High nine-foot ceilings  - Stainless Energy Star appliances  - In-home washer/dryer  - Modern kitchens in two color schemes  - Granite countertops and backsplash  - Modern wood-look plank flooring in entry and kitchen  - Shaker-style cabinets in dark maple or gray Community Amenities - Mingle- community room  - Close to Sprinter and Highway 78  - Play: GAME ROOM:  - Synergy: Conference and private dining room  - Bicycle racks  - Play Zone:Tot lot  - Electric car charging station  - Central plaza with heated pool, spa, sundeck, cabana & showers  - Gas barbecue grilling stations  - Flex: On-demand workout area  - Gated entrance with card access  - Network WiFi Lounge: 24-hour multi-station business center  - 100% Smoke free community  - Quick and easy access to freeways and public transportation  - Engage: Resident social lounge  - Attached garages with openers*  - Dog run  - Energize: 24-hour modern fitness center  - Online Payments Available Pet Policy Cats and dogs, including puppies and kittens are welcome! Please see our website for more details about accepted breeds, deposits and pet rent. Office Hours Mon-Fri 10am-6pm; Sat. 9am-5pm; Sun. 10am-5pm Skye Apartments 501 W. Bobier Drive, Vista, CA, 92083Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. Equal Housing Opportunity Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. EFbB4uqJ7Wd6

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 12:17
Price: $2465
Latitude: 33.221205
Longitude: -117.253410
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1082
