$2320 / 1br - 839ft2 - LOOK  NO FURTHER 1Bed1Bath ~YOU HAVE SEEN THE  REST, NOW SEE THE BEST! (Vista)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
North County Nirvana Skye features gorgous new apartment homes in San Diego's North County, where the views are limitless. High atop a ridgeline in the city of Vista, Skye' offers panoramic views and cool ocean breezes. Our exceptional location is tucked away and yet just moments from the Sprinter, the 5 and 78 freeways, Skye is also close to Vista Village's quirky eateries, world-class breweries and entertainment spots, and some of San Diego's most enchanting beaches.Skye offers one, two and three bedroom apartment homes with spacious layouts, modern appliances and sleek finishes. Multiple social spaces like an outdoor viewing deck, central pool plaza, top-notch fitness center will keep you as socially connected as you like. Consider it your sparkling new apartment home just this side of paradise.Skye Apartments: North County Nirvana.  Call Now:  show contact info
Visit This Website to See More:http://fairfield-apts.com/v2407n This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 839 Sq. Ft. Features - Sumptuous master baths with tiled floors, framed mirrors, and granite vanity tops  - Gas stove  - Modern kitchens in two color schemes  - Modern wood-look plank flooring in entry and kitchen  - In-home washer/dryer  - Granite countertops and backsplash  - High nine-foot ceilings  - Stainless Energy Star appliances  - Shaker-style cabinets in dark maple or gray Community Amenities - Play: GAME ROOM:  - 100% Smoke free community  - Engage: Resident social lounge  - Close to Sprinter and Highway 78  - Synergy: Conference and private dining room  - Gas barbecue grilling stations  - Play Zone:Tot lot  - Network WiFi Lounge: 24-hour multi-station business center  - Quick and easy access to freeways and public transportation  - Mingle- community room  - Online Payments Available  - Flex: On-demand workout area  - Gated entrance with card access  - Central plaza with heated pool, spa, sundeck, cabana & showers  - Attached garages with openers*  - Dog run  - Electric car charging station  - Bicycle racks  - Energize: 24-hour modern fitness center Pet Policy Cats and dogs, including puppies and kittens are welcome! Please see our website for more details about accepted breeds, deposits and pet rent. Office Hours Mon-Fri 10am-6pm; Sat. 9am-5pm; Sun. 10am-5pm Skye Apartments 501 W. Bobier Drive, Vista, CA, 92083Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. Equal Housing Opportunity Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. lWwT081B0qGj

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 09:40
Price: $2320
Latitude: 33.221205
Longitude: -117.253410
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 839
