$1750 / 1br - 664ft2 - Upstairs 1x1 remodel with great view! Full washer and dryer! A/C (Escondido)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Cozy Up In Your New Home Welcome Home to Altair Call Now:  show contact info
Altair 1361 W 9th Ave, Escondido, CA, 92029Interested in more information? See link below:http://discover.rvmcorp.com/k98p15 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 664 Sq. Ft.  Seize your chance to live in one of the premier apartment communities in Escondido, CA. Picture coming home every day to the warm embrace of meticulous landscaping, comfortable homes, and thoughtful amenities tailored to enhance your life. Located in Escondido, Altair is just minutes away from Escondido Zoo Safari park, as well as all of the shopping, dining, and entertainment that nearby Escondido has to offer. Altair delivers a lifestyle that exceeds expectations.Altair provides its residents a wide selection of one and two bedroom apartment homes that feature exclusive community and household amenities like a fitness center, high ceilings, and stainless steel appliances. Our modern apartments in Escondido offers all of the energy of a vibrant urban community while maintaining the calm serenity of an inviting neighborhood.At Altair you'll forget you're not on vacation. Come wiggle your toes in our picturesque pool, stroll through our pet friendly community with your favorite furry companion, or have a day out on the town in nearby Escondido. We know you deserve the very best in apartment living, and our community is designed specifically to ensure you don't just lease, you live. Features - New Custom Cabinetry  - Sleek Stainless Steel Appliances  - LED Lighting  - In Home Full Size Washer and Dryer  - Newly Renovated Apartment Homes  - High Ceilings  - Quartz Countertops  - Wood Inspired Plank Flooring  - Spacious Patio/ Balcony  - Washer/Dryer Community Amenities - Easy Freeway Access to I-15 & 78.  - Newly Renovated Amenities  - New Resident Lounge w/ Media Room, Game Room, and Pool Table  - Free WiFi in Resident Lounge  - On Site Children's Playground  - State of the Art Fitness Center  - 2 Sparkling Swimming Pools + Spa  - Shopping, Entertainment, & Restaurants close by Including Escondido Promenade *Coming Soon* - Outdoor Living Area including BBQ's and Fire Pits *Coming Soon* - Parcel Lockers Pet Policy Pet friendly, contact for details. Office Hours Mon-Fri: 10:00 AM-06:00 PMSat - Sun: 10:00 AM-06:00 PMPlease Call To Schedule Your Personal Tour! Equal Housing Opportunity pzirp4RcZOW

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 09:36
Price: $1750
Latitude: 33.109531
Longitude: -117.100693
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 664
