$1981 / 2br - 1128ft2 - 2/bd, Community Garden, Soaking Tubs

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
2BD | 2BA | 1128SQFTSeize your chance to live in one of the premier apartment communities in Vista, CA. Picture coming home every day to the warm embrace of meticulous landscaping, comfortable homes, open spaces, and thoughtful amenities tailored to enhance your life. Located in North County San Diego, with easy access to the 78, 5, and 15 highways, The Preserve at Melrose is just minutes away from the Avo Playhouse and major area employers like the Vista Unified School District, Watkins Manufacturing, DJ Orthopedics, and many others. Plus, all the shopping, dining, entertainment, and beaches that your heart desires are a stone's throw away in Oceanside and Carlsbad.   The Preserve at Melrose provides its residents an unbeatable selection of unique one, two, or three bedroom apartment homes that feature exclusive amenities. In your community, you will find, among many amenities, a 24-hour fitness center (with a kid's entertainment suite), dog park, and resort-style pool and spa with cabanas. Your next apartment home boasts modern quartz countertops, stainless steel appliances, and washer/dryer.   Come wiggle your toes in our picturesque pool, stroll through our pet-friendly community with your favorite furry companion, or have a day out on the town, or waves, in nearby Oceanside. We know you deserve the very best in apartment living, and our community is designed specifically to ensure you don't just lease, you live.   Go look at our photo gallery and schedule your appointment, or drop by and visit us for your personal tour today! Spacious Apartment Homes in Vista, CAAmenities Include:Central air and heat
Outdoor tot lot
Community Garden
Whirlpool stainless steel appliance package.
Washer and dryer in every home
Clubhouse complete with gourmet kitchen, coffee bar and flat screen TV
Large, open space grass area with BBQs
Assigned garages and carports
European style cabinetry in two color schemes
Lounge with kitchen, pool table, poker tables, shuffleboard, flat screen TVs and gaming system lounge
Hardwood-style flooring through main living areas
Fully equipped business center
Call:  show contact info
Equal Housing OpportunityPrices Change DailyFlexible Lease Terms

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 10:06
Price: $1981
Latitude: 33.219238
Longitude: -117.257881
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1128
