$1626 / 1br - 1 Bath,  $1626! Beautiful View!!! W/D INCLUDED! Covered Parking (San Diego)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        

Carmel Landing show contact info
 
   |    http://www.carmellandingsandiego.com/11505 Windcrest Lane  San Diego, California 92128 

  
    Look and Lease TODAY to take advantage of our SPECIALS!
  
  

      
Enjoy charming Cape Cod architecture, spectacular amenities and mountain views in San Diego's Carmel Mountain neighborhood. Pet-friendly Carmel Landing has it all. Relax at either of the two pools (complete with free poolside WiFi!). Take a dip in the spa, work out in the community fitness center, or have a cookout with friends at one of the barbecue areas. These modern and spacious apartment homes give you a carefree lifestyle. You'll have plush interiors with soft colors, washer and dryer, fireplace, private patio or balcony, and oversize windows that let in ample light - in fact, we have more windows than any other community in the area. There are even wood-style floors in all first-floor apartment homes. Stop in and see everything this community has to offer. Schedule your personal tour of Carmel Landing's San Diego apartments for rent in Carmel Mountain today.
  

      
Apartment Features
Built-in bookshelves (select homes)
Built-in entertainment niche (select homes)
Central air conditioning and heating
Dishwasher
Mirrored closet doors
Patio or balcony
Spacious closet
Spacious, upgraded kitchen
Washer and dryer
Wood-burning fireplace (select homes)
Wood-style floors (select homes)
 
 Community Amenities
Barbecue areas
Close to public transit
Complimentary wireless Internet in many common areas
Easy access to freeways
Fitness center
Located within Poway Unified School District
On-site dog park
Reserved, covered parking
Resident clubhouse
Two pools and spa 
 
*Specials on select homes. All prices are subject to change. All prices are subject to lease term and move-in date.  
  

 
 
 


  Equal Housing Opportunity
*Pricing and availability is subject to change

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 10:59
Price: $1626
Latitude: 32.975929
Longitude: -117.083270
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
