$1450 / 1br - 740ft2 - Granite,Recessed Lights,Garage Available,Gated Community (Vista Next To Brengle Terrace Park)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

New Stainless Steel Fridge, Granite Counter Tops, Recessed Lights! Gated Community
This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 740 Sq. Ft. 
GARAGE AVAILABLE!!!
Vale Creek Villas Apartments is one of North County's premier apartment communities. It has undergone extensive remodeling with highly upgraded interiors including granite kitchen and bathrooms and new cabinets*. This gated community has lush landscaping with palm trees, a beautiful spa next to a natural creek that runs throughout the site. It is conveniently located next to Brengle Terrace Park and Moonlight Amphitheatre and is within walking distance of shopping centers, restaurants, public transportation, medical facilities, parks and recreational centers.
Walking and running trail starts across the street meandering through natural preserve! 
Features:
Built-in Book Cases, Modern Ceiling Fans, Mirrored Closet Doors, Small private yards*, Large Balcony*, Lots of storage space, Microwave*, Large Standard Closets, Granite Counter Tops in kitchen and Bathrooms*, Highly upgraded fixtures*, Two Walk-in Closets*, Private Garage Available with Remote and Extra Storage!*, Upgraded interiors*, Linen and Walk-in Closets *, Private master suites*, Full Appliance package, New Cabinets*, Alcove for desk in 2 bedroom units 
* In Select Units
Community Amenities:
Garages and Carports, Spa, On-site Laundry Facilities, Less than 1 mile from Vista Magnet Middle School, Ample Storage Lockers, Large Modern Sundeck, Next to large park with Frisbee Golf, Tennis Courts, Across the street from running/walking trail, On Site Manager's Office, Unique Park-like Setting, Barbeque and Picnic Area, Next to Brengle Terrace Park and Moonlight Amphitheatre, Gated Community, Tropical Landscaping around natural creek 
Pet Policy:
Cats Allowed
Dogs Allowed - Small dogs under 20 lbs (Not All Breeds). 
Want more information? Follow this link:
http://info.valecreekvillas.com/62gxsq
Equal Housing Opportunity 
aVl2G2P6Ayq0

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 11:19
Price: $1450
Latitude: 33.208980
Longitude: -117.226396
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 740
