$1450 / 1br - 740ft2 - 1x1Garage Available,Open House,Granite Counters,Gated Community (Vista Next To Brengle Terrace park)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

 Granite Counter Tops, Recessed Lights, New Stainless Fridge, Garage Available!!!
Garage AVAILABLE!!!!!!
This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 740 Sq. Ft. 
Vale Creek Villas Apartments is one of North County's premier apartment communities. It has undergone extensive remodeling with highly upgraded interiors including granite kitchen and bathrooms and new cabinets*. This gated community has lush landscaping with palm trees, a beautiful spa next to a natural creek that runs throughout the site. It is conveniently located next to Brengle Terrace Park and Moonlight Amphitheatre and is within walking distance of shopping centers, restaurants, public transportation, medical facilities, parks and recreational centers.
Walking and running trail starts across the street meandering through natural preserve! 
Features:
Linen and Walk-in Closets *, Private Garage Available with Remote and Extra Storage!*, Two Walk-in Closets*, Upgraded interiors*, Large Standard Closets, Modern Ceiling Fans, New Cabinets*, Granite Counter Tops in kitchen and Bathrooms*, Mirrored Closet Doors, Large Balcony*, Small private yards*, Built-in Book Cases, Alcove for desk in 2 bedroom units, Full Appliance package, Private master suites*, Microwave*, Highly upgraded fixtures*, Lots of storage space 
* In Select Units
Community Amenities:
Ample Storage Lockers, Next to large park with Frisbee Golf, Tennis Courts, Next to Brengle Terrace Park and Moonlight Amphitheatre, Large Modern Sundeck, Unique Park-like Setting, Barbeque and Picnic Area, Garages and Carports, Tropical Landscaping around natural creek, On-site Laundry Facilities, Spa, Gated Community, Across the street from running/walking trail, Less than 1 mile from Vista Magnet Middle School, On Site Manager's Office 
Pet Policy:
Cats Allowed
Dogs Allowed - Small dogs under 20 lbs (Not All Breeds). 
Visit This Website to See More:
http://info.valecreekvillas.com/gt9gzr
Equal Housing Opportunity 
DxYXbkf4P9VR

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 19:32
Price: $1450
Latitude: 33.208980
Longitude: -117.226353
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 740
