$1680 / 2br - 2x1 Upstairs Corner Unit - Great Location! Just Minutes to The Beach!! (Carlsbad CA)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Beautiful Apartment in a Premier Carlsbad Neighborhood -.   
  The Bluffs At Carlsbad Apartments  2707 Avenida De Anita Carlsbad, CA 92010 www.bluffsapartmentscarlsbad. com Call Us Today!  show contact info
. 
 Property Description  This you HAVE to see!! The Bluffs at Carlsbad Apartments offers spectacular homes in a premier Carlsbad, California, location. You will love this neighborhood, as it is just minutes from the coast and close to several shopping and dining options. Our community has been completely renovated inside and out. Cozy 1&2 bedroom floor plans offer new custom paint, crown molding, stainless steel appliances which include stove, microwave, dishwasher, refrigerator, granite countertops, new flooring, and new cabinets . Live in luxury at an affordable price. Whether you are relaxing at the pool, unwinding in the spa, or burning some energy in our 24 hr state of the art gym or on the tennis court, or just having a great time in our clubhouse or cyber lounge, The Bluffs at Carlsbad Apartments is the best place to call home. We are located in the heart of the Tri-city area of Carlsbad, just minutes away from the Westfield Mall, restaurants and the 78 Freeway. *Pricing & Terms Subject to change at any time. Restrictions Apply*   Floor Plan Features: Custom Paint
Large Closets
Double Pane Windows
Walk-in Closets
Granite Countertops
Garbage Disposal
Crown Molding
New Carpeting in Bedrooms
Stainless Steel Appliances
Dishwasher
Refrigerator
Microwave
New Cabinets
 Property Amenities: Newly Renovated
Near Freeway
On-site Maintenance
Pool
Near Public Transit
Clubhouse
Storage Space
Tennis Courts
On-site Management
Dogs Welcome (up to 50lbs.)
Laundry
Rec Room
Barbecue Area
Parking
24-7 State of the Art Fitness Center
Business Center
Spa
Lease Terms: Currently offering 5-14 month lease terms. Parking Type: Covered LotPet Policy: Cats and Dogs are allowed with deposit. Some restrictions apply. Year Renovated: 2013Units: 163Office Hours: Daily:  8:00am to 5:00pm, Open 7 days a weekManagement Company: Triumph Management  Call Us Today!  show contact info

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 09:05
Price: $1680
Latitude: 33.175490
Longitude: -117.323261
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
