$1998 / 2br - 900ft2 - BBQ's, Laundry Facilities, Pool Walk To The Beach! (Carlsbad)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 x 16OR Text 16 to  show contact info
 to contact a leasing agent. This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 900 Sq. Ft.  Spend your weekends strolling only two blocks to the beach, then wander to the quaint Village of Carlsbad. Here you will enjoy a variety of romantic restaurants and unique shops. Then, when Monday comes, commuting is a breeze. I-5, Pacific Coast Highway (Hwy 101), Highway 78 and the Coaster are easily accessible and just minutes away! As always, our management team is committed to maintaining exceptional customer service. We invite you to experience the difference at Carlsbad Coast. Luxurious and spacious apartment units, sparkling pool, large sundeck, fitness center and brand new "state of the art - coin-less" laundry facilities are just a few of the features that will "welcome you home" to Carlsbad Coast Apartments. Remember...we are not just renting you an apartment, we are actually providing you with a coastal lifestyle.  Features: Luxury Vinyl Tile*, Stainless Steel Appliances*, USB Outlet in Kitchen, Garages Available, Dishwasher, High Speed Internet Access, Fully Equipped Electric Kitchen  Community Amenities: BBQ's, Sundeck, Laundry Facilities, Resort Pool, Close to Carlsbad Village, Fitness Center, Two Blocks from the Beach!, Carports / Storage Closets Available, Minutes to Major Employers  Pet Policy: Dogs & Cats welcome maximum of 2 pets per apartment. $500 pet deposit per pet.$50 pet rent per pet per month.*We do have breed restrictions* Want more information on this unit? See link (below):http://lease.conam.com/82xstuDisclaimer: Please be aware of scams on Craigslist. It is our practice never to require someone to complete a credit application or provide personal credit information before touring an apartment home. Rent is based on lease term selected. Please contact office for more details. Prices subject to change.Equal Housing Opportunity 4VdEmY36f

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 14:37
Price: $1998
Latitude: 33.154315
Longitude: -117.346692
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 900
