$2300 / 2br - 1153ft2 - Charming Condo in Quiet Carlsbad Neighborhood (Carlsbad)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Available for Move-in: 10/9/18
Rental Rate: $2,300.00/month 
Security Deposit: $2,300.00
Pet Policy: OK With Restrictions
Rental Application Fee: $45.00 
Leasing + Move-in Fee: $100.00
Charming two bedroom, two bath end unit condo features a large private patio, open-concept living area and community amenities. The condo opens up to a spacious living area with a brick fireplace and great natural light with sliding glass doors opening up to a large patio space. The bright kitchen includes modern appliances, recessed lighting and ample cabinet storage space.The first bedroom has a large closet and close access to a bathroom with a shower/tub combo. The large master bedroom includes two large mirrored closets and an ensuite bathroom with a dual vanity and shower/tub combo. 
Other features of the condo include ceiling fans in the bedrooms and living area and additional storage cabinets in the hallway and exterior closet off the patio. Ceramic tile flooring in the kitchen and bathrooms, laminate flooring throughout the living room area and carpet in the bedrooms. The laundry closet includes a stacked washer/dryer. A detached one-car garage and one reserved parking spot and access to a community pool and spa. No smoking. Pets OK with restrictions. All utilities paid by the tenant. 
The condo is located within the highly desirable Carlsbad Unified School District: Poinsettia Elementary School, Aviara Oaks Middle School, Carlsbad High school, Sage Creek High School. It is a short walk to grocery stores, restaurants, movie theater and community parks. It is also just minutes from Ponto Beach, Omni La Costa Golf Resort and Spa, Park Hyatt Aviara and a quick drive to San Diego favorites such as Del Mar race track and fairgrounds, Torrey Pines Golf Course, Sea World, historic Old Towne, the San Diego Zoo, Petco Park and the Downtown Gaslamp District. Commuting is easily accessible with nearby access Interstate 5. Trips to unspoiled Solana Beach, Cardiff by the Sea, Carlsbad or stunning Torrey Pines State Reserve and Torrey Pines Golf Course are also within convenient distance. 
Listing and marketing information provided is deemed reliable and accurate but not guaranteed - agent, broker, and tenant should confirm all property information and specifications before entering rental agreement.

Date Posted: October 09, 2018 at 11:00
Price: $2300
Latitude: 33.105206
Longitude: -117.266350
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1153
