$1955 / 690ft2 - This is soooo much more than just a Studio! (Solana Beach)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        

What makes our studios stand out? All of our studios come with an additional loft space which gives you a separated, semi-private area for a bedroom. Our studio floor plan is approximately 690 sq. ft. making it much more spacious than most (if not all) studios in the Solana Beach area! Vaulted ceilings take away that basic, boxy feeling you find with most studio apartments. Kitchen is open/galley-style and comes with all standard appliances. Apartment has Eastern exposure and faces another building directly. Located on the top floor. Stairs/elevators available. Central heating only, no AC.

UTILITIES:
Utility bill not included in rent. Utilities cover water, trash, sewer, and central boiler. Utility cost is allocated equally among all occupied apartments; water cost is allocated based on square footage and number of occupants in apartment.

PET POLICY:
Up to 3 pets allowed per home. No weight limit, only few breed restrictions. Prohibited breeds include American Pit Bull Terrier, American Bully, American Staffordshire Terrier, Staffordshire Bull Terrier or any dogs that are cross breeds of or are related to such breeds. Additional pet deposit and pet rent required.

PARKING:
Please keep in mind that coastal parking is super tight! All of our apartments come with ONE assigned outdoor parking space. Garage space available for additional monthly cost. Street parking available.
	Ocean Crest Apartments in Solana Beach is a charming, beach-side community just under 1 mile from the iconic Pacific shoreline. You're just mere minutes from local beaches, Del Mar Racetrack, and I-5.

Our community amenities include: solar-heated pool, spa, gym, card-op laundry facility, pet stations, bike locker, Amazon Hub locker, online resident portal, onsite maintenance team, and courtesy patrol.
	Ocean Crest Apartments
	More Photos http://www.equityapartments.com/san-diego/solana-beach/ocean-crest-apartments?ilsid=93
SQFT
690

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 17:08
Price: $1955
Latitude: 32.983288
Longitude: -117.259591
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 690
