$1625 / 2br - Casa Serena, Renovated, Swimming Pool, Garages and More!!! (Escondido)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
WELCOME TO CASA SERENA ~ MOVE IN SPECIAL $300 OFF (OAC)
 Welcome home to Casa Serena, conveniently located in Escondido, California. You will find our community in a peaceful residential neighborhood where everyone enjoys the quality amenities. The 15 and 78 Freeways are only 7 minutes away. The Center City and Palomar Hospital are also conveniently close by. 
Casa Serena offers two bedroom, two bathroom town homes and apartment homes. Each home was carefully designed for your comfort and offers a fully applianced kitchen with a breakfast bar, dining area, central air and heating, spacious walk-in closets, mirrored wardrobe, and hardwood vinyl and carpeted flooring. The town homes and the ground level homes have private yards. 
Beautiful lush landscaping will greet you at the end of the day, or you can relax by the sparkling swimming pool. The community patio and picnic area is the perfect place for relaxing, and adjacent to it is a convenient on-site laundry facility! Look through our photo gallery or call us to schedule your personal tour and come discover Casa Serena for yourself
COMMUNITY AMENITIES
  Assigned Parking
  Beautiful Landscaping
  Covered Parking
  Easy Access to Freeways-10 minutes
  Easy Access to Shopping
  Laundry Facility
  Outdoor Lounge Areas
  Ping-Pong, Pool Table, and Library
  Pool-like Spa
  Public Parks, Elementary School (5 minutes) and Shopping Centers (10 minutes) Nearby
  Recreation Room
  Serene Water Fountains
 Some Garages Available-extra fee
APARTMENT FEATURES
  All Townhouses have Private Fenced Back Yards
  Back Yards on Ground Level Units
  Balconies or Patios
  Breakfast Bar
  Cable Ready
  Central Air/Heating
  Dishwasher
  Fan Lights in Dining Area
  Fully Applianced Kitchen
  Horizontal Wood Blinds
  Large Backyards-Backyards-selective units*
  Mirrored Closet Doors
  Refrigerator/Freezer
  Some Garages Available-extra fee
  Some Paid Utilities
  Stove and Cook Top
  Walk-In Closets
 Wood Vinyl and Carpeted Floors
For More Information or to view a unit please call
Marla  show contact info

www.mycasaserena.com
Proudly Managed by Hoban Management

Date Posted: October 22, 2018 at 08:52
Price: $1625
Latitude: 33.135052
Longitude: -117.101044
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: NA
