$2575 / 3br - 1244ft2 - Make it home with an accent wall! (Vista)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 This is a 3 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1244 Sq. Ft.  Skye features gorgous new apartment homes in San Diego's North County, where the views are limitless. High atop a ridgeline in the city of Vista, Skye' offers panoramic views and cool ocean breezes. Our exceptional location is tucked away and yet just moments from the Sprinter, the 5 and 78 freeways, Skye is also close to Vista Village's quirky eateries, world-class breweries and entertainment spots, and some of San Diego's most enchanting beaches.Skye offers one, two and three bedroom apartment homes with spacious layouts, modern appliances and sleek finishes. Multiple social spaces like an outdoor viewing deck, central pool plaza, top-notch fitness center will keep you as socially connected as you like. Consider it your sparkling new apartment home just this side of paradise.Skye Apartments: North County Nirvana.  Features: High nine-foot ceilings, Granite countertops and backsplash, Modern kitchens in two color schemes, Gas stove, Sumptuous master baths with tiled floors, framed mirrors, and granite vanity tops, In-home washer/dryer, Shaker-style cabinets in dark maple or gray, Stainless Energy Star appliances, Modern wood-look plank flooring in entry and kitchen  Community Amenities: Gas barbecue grilling stations, Flex: On-demand workout area, Central plaza with heated pool, spa, sundeck, cabana & showers, Electric car charging station, Mingle- community room, Bicycle racks, Dog run, Close to Sprinter and Highway 78, Quick and easy access to freeways and public transportation, Engage: Resident social lounge, Attached garages with openers*, Energize: 24-hour modern fitness center, Network WiFi Lounge: 24-hour multi-station business center, Gated entrance with card access, Play Zone:Tot lot, 100% Smoke free community, Synergy: Conference and private dining room, Play: GAME ROOM:, Online Payments Available  Pet Policy: Cats and dogs, including puppies and kittens are welcome! Please see our website for more details about accepted breeds, deposits and pet rent. Want more information on this unit? See link (below):http://fairfield-apts.com/a4LvzuPhotos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. Equal Housing Opportunity Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. rYidZ9Qg

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 12:19
Price: $2575
Latitude: 33.197800
Longitude: -117.248200
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1244
