$1450 / 400ft2 - On-site Storage Available, Beautiful Hiking Trails, Carpeted Flooring (2262 Avenida Magnifica)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a Studio, 1 Bath, approximately 400 Sq. Ft. 
The Reserve at Carlsbad offers quality apartments with well-equipped kitchens, brand name appliances and private patios or balconies.
Our community offers studio, one- and two-bedroom floor plans with amenities aimed at providing you a comfortable lifestyle. From our pools and spas to our breathtaking hillside setting, We're just the place you'll want to call home. Come for a tour today!
Located in Northern San Diego we're conveniently located near the 5 and 78 freeways, Carlsbad State Beach and plenty of excellent local shopping and dining, including Premium Outlets, Carlsbad Village Art & Antique Mall, Swami's, Norte, and Spirito's.
Pricing and availability are subject to change. Please contact our leasing office for current pricing and specials. 
Features:
Spacious Layouts with Patio or Balcony in Select Apartments, Well-Equipped Kitchens Including Dishwashers, Ample Storage Space, Ceiling Fans, Pre-wired for Fiber Optic Cable and High Speed Internet, Crown Molding, Accent Walls, Mirrored Closet Doors, Carpeted Flooring 
Community Amenities:
Beautiful Hiking Trails, Easy Access to the 5 and 78 Freeways, Free Wi-Fi in Common Areas, Spas, On-site Laundry Facilities, Swimming Pools, BBQ Areas, Walking Distance to The Shoppes at Carlsbad, Easy Access to Public Transportation, Beaches Nearby, Convenient to Shopping and Dining, Within Prestigious Carlsbad School District, Carports and Assigned Parking Available, 24hr Fitness Center, On-site Storage Available 
Pet Policy:
Dogs and Cats Welcome (with some breed restrictions) Up to two - Deposit & Pet Rent apply. 
Follow This Link for More Information:
http://rent.decron.com/vob25d
Equal Housing Opportunity 
5CmwvjTVG

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 11:42
Price: $1450
Latitude: 33.175508
Longitude: -117.330688
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 400
