$2150 / 3br - 3BR FREE RENT!! Sparkling Pool, Spa, W/D in Unit!! (Escondido)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Citrus Court ~ MOVE IN SPECIAL 1st MONTH FREE (OAC) AND FREE CREDIT CHECK 
 Welcome home to Citrus Court in Escondido, CA. Our beautiful apartment home community is located in the heart of Escondido just off of I-15. With easy access to Escondido Hills Plaza Shopping Center, local parks, fine dining, great shopping, and entertainment hot spots, let Citrus Court be your gateway to fun and excitement in California.
 At Citrus Court finding an apartment home to fit your needs has never been easier. Our spacious and inviting apartment homes were designed with you in mind. With 2 floor plans to choose from, there's something for everyone at Citrus Court. Our great apartment amenities include air conditioning, dishwashers, gas fireplaces and walk-in closets, and so much more! Citrus Court offers residents a lifestyle of comfort and convenience.
 Great apartment home living doesn't stop when you leave your front door. Our amenities are the best in apartment living. We are proud to feature assigned parking, disability access, garages, and a shimmering swimming pool to ensure that all of our residents feel at ease and at home. Our commitment to your comfort and quality of life is second to none. Visit today and see what makes Citrus Court the best-kept secret in Escondido, CA!
APARTMENT FEATURES
 Air Conditioning
 All Electric Kitchen
 Balcony or Patio
 Cable Ready
 Carpeted Floors
 Ceiling Fans
 Central Heat and Air
 Dishwasher
 Disability Access
 Extra Storage
 Garage
 Gas Fireplace
 Hardwood Floors
 Microwave
 Mini Blinds
 Mirrored Closet Doors
 Refrigerator
 Views Available
 Vertical Blinds
 Washer and Dryer Connections
 Washer and Dryer In Unit
 Fireplace
 COMMUNITY AMENITIES
 Access to Public Transportation
 Assigned Parking
 Beautiful Landscaping
 Cable Ready
 Children's Play Area
 Clubhouse
 Disability Access
 Easy Access to Freeways
 Easy Access to Shopping
 Garage
 Guest Parking
 High-speed Internet Access
 On-call Maintenance
 Picnic Area with Barbecue
 Public Parks Nearby
 Shimmering Swimming Pool
 Soothing Spa and Hot Tub
 For More Information or to view a unit please call
 Viri or Daniel  show contact info

 www.citruscourt.com
 Proudly Managed by Hoban Management

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 12:49
Price: $2150
Latitude: 33.144656
Longitude: -117.046635
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: NA
