$1957 / 2br - 1163ft2 - Fall Savings are Here! - $500 OFF m/in - $99 Deposit (oac) Ready NOW (Chula Vista/Eastlake/Otay Ranch)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Fall Savings are here! How'd you like to take $500 off your move in costs, pay no application fees and have an additional FREE parking space???? These specials can't be beat!  Stop by and check us out today or visit us online at www.pinnacleatotayranch.com  Applications can be made online and approval takes just minutes.
Tucked inside the master-planned community of Otay Ranch, Pinnacle at Otay Ranch Apartment Homes is teeming with upscale amenities like a heated lap pool and state-of-the-art fitness centers. Our one, two and three bedroom apartments offer nine-foot ceilings with crown molding, washer and dryer, fireplace, gourmet kitchen and more. Our community gives you access to the prestigious Heritage School District, too.
Still searching for that perfect two bedroom apartment? Well, search no more, because we have what you're looking for. With two large bedrooms, two full bathrooms, and closet space galore, it's the perfect home for you. This home also comes with air conditioning, a gourmet kitchen, ceiling fans, a private patio/balcony, and so much more!  
Apartment Features Includes:
 Built-in computer desk (select homes)
 Fireplace (select homes)
 Full-size washer and dryer
 Gas range
 Gourmet kitchen
 Microwave
 Nine-foot ceilings
 Oversize patio or balcony
 Refrigerator with icemaker
 Wood-style floors (select homes)
 Roman oversize soaking tub
 Community Amenities Include:
 Barbecue area
 Business center and conference facilities
 Close to public transit
 Clubhouse with full-size kitchen (rentable)
 Easy access to the 805 and 125 Expressway
 Playground
 Private garages available
 Two cardiovascular fitness salons
 Two swimming pools and spas
 Attended entrances
 Contact Us:show contact info
|
 www.PinnacleatOtayRanch.com
 1310 Santa Rita Chula Vista California 91913
 Equal Housing Opportunity
 Pricing and Availability is subject to change

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 11:26
Price: $1957
Latitude: 32.621442
Longitude: -116.998888
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1163
