$1375 / 1br - 640ft2 - Immediate Move-In! GREAT PRICE-APPLY NOW! New Carpet,Patio,Gated,Pool (San Diego/Imperial Beach/Chula Vista)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Welcome home to Royal Village Apartments Royal Village Apartments offers quiet, safe, clean apartments for rent in a pleasant and attractive suburb of San Diego. The complex is a gated community and features 2 well maintained pool areas, 2 laundry room facilities , and pre-wire for cable. It's close to public transportation. Apartments are available for rent with balconies and patios for your added enjoyment and comfort. Royal Village is known in particular for its friendly atmosphere and good neighborliness. San Diego itself is one of the most attractive cities in the US, boasting a mild climate, a lovely ocean side location, and of course, a thriving economy with plenty of job opportunities. It offers world class entertainment, medical facilities and of course, shopping. An evening in San Diego might take you to the famous Victorian Gaslamp district, where you can choose from many of outstanding restaurants offering cuisine from around the world. And before you dine, enjoy a stroll around the area by the light of the many gas lit street lamps, and absorb the sophisticated and cosmopolitan atmosphere that's an integral part of this charming neighborhood. Royal Village Apartments is popular with singles, couples and small families and rents are very affordable.  Call Now:  show contact info
Follow This Link for More Information:http://discover.rvmcorp.com/uqw52t This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 640 Sq. Ft. Features - Ceiling Fan(s  - Patio  - Balcony  - Garden Tub  - Cable Ready  - Hardwood Flooring  - Microwave  - Refrigerator  - Garbage Disposal  - Stainless Steel Appliances  - Dishwasher Community Amenities - Swimming Pool  - Laundry Facility  - On Site Maintenance  - On Site Management  - Public Transportation  - Gated Access Pet Policy No Pets Allowed Office Hours Monday - Saturday 10:00am - 6:00pm Royal Village  1435 Elder Ave, San Diego, CA, 92154Equal Housing Opportunity nbsi00Pxn8U4

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 10:50
Price: $1375
Latitude: 32.579086
Longitude: -117.103058
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 640
