$2492 / 3br - 1278ft2 - 3 bedroom 2 bathroom Apartment with Detached Garage in Otay Ranch! (Chula Vista/Eastlake/San Diego)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 3 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1278 Sq. Ft. 
Rosina Vista is a 278-unit apartment home community in the Otay Ranch area of Chula Vista, California. Directly across the street is the new Otay Ranch High School, making Rosina Vista perfect for families. Otay Ranch is one of the newest planned developments in San Diego County; employment, retail, and the Otay Ranch Town Center are only a few minutes away!
Rosina Vista offers a beautifully designed Clubhouse complete with Conference Room and Business Center featuring computers and fax/copier service. The Fitness Center is equipped with state-of-the-art PRECOR Equipment, dry and wet sauna, and lockers. Expansive trails wind through this Master Planned Community.
Take advantage of the resort style living throughout the year with Rosina Vista's heated pool, hot tub and barbeque areas. This pet friendly community also offers a playground and planned social activities. 
Features:
Wood Style Flooring, Dual Sinks in Master Bath*, Spacious/Walk-In Closet*, Gas Cook Top, Computer Nooks*, Linen Closet, Oversized Private Patio or Balcony, Slab Granite Countertops in Bath/Kitchen, Refrigerator with Ice Maker, High Speed Internet, Ceramic Tile Floors, Breakfast Bar or Chef's Island, Raised Panel Interior Doors, Central Air Conditioning, Garage with all Homes, In Home Full-size Washer and Dryers, New Carpeting in Bedrooms, Natural Wood Cabinets and Pantry, Crown Molding, Multi-Cycle Dishwasher, Stainless Steel Whirlpool Appliances, 9' Ceilings, Keyless Entry Locking System, Direct Access Garages*, Two-Tone Paint, Built in Microwave 
Community Amenities:
Walking distance to Otay Ranch High School, Resort Style Pool and Hot Tub, One Mile to Southwestern Community College, Less than two miles to Wolf Canyon Elementary, Easy access to Highways 125 & 805, Clubhouse, Dry/Wet Sauna, Planned Social Activities, Three Miles to Arco Olympic Training Center, Us/Mexico Border is only 5 miles away, One Mile to Otay Ranch Town Center, Expansive Hiking and Bike Trails, Pet Friendly, Business Center with Fax/Copier Service, Only 5 miles to the US/Mexico Border, Fitness Center with State of the Art Precor Equipment, Rancho Del Rey Middle is less than two miles away, Tot Lot, BBQ Area, Conference Room, Multitude of Shopping and Dining Choices, Five miles to Cricket Wireless Amphitheater 
Pet Policy:
Breed Restrictions Apply - Call for Details 
See our property details here:
http://discover.rvmcorp.com/e2x0z4
Equal Housing Opportunity 
pO35bB6qe

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 13:39
Price: $2492
Latitude: 32.651300
Longitude: -116.985200
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1278
