$1250 Beautiful  Brand New Studio for Rent..Move in Special (San Ysidro Coral Gate)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Ask for our Move in Special!!
Fully furnished and beautiful Studio. Completely new includes everything you need to live comfortably and conveniently...This attached Studio has private entrance LOCATED in a gated residence at nice and quiet neighborhood. Common areas big yard.
Includes:
All kitchen stainless steel appliances
Smart TV 42" HDTV.
Conduction Electric Stove.
New bed and matress
Sofa couch and tables
2 kitchen stool
Ceiling fan
Bookshelf with drawers
We are looking for DRAMA FREE full time professional or full time student dependable single person. Employed who is looking a place to call home for long term lease.. Who respect that this is not party house.
Single ocupancy is preferred but we may consider a couple if they are the right fit with an increase in monthly rent.
Rent $1250 and Deposit $1200 
Utilities included.( water, electricity, trash and sewer)
No cable. 
Minimum 9 months or One year lease contract.
Applicants must have proof:
No criminal record 
No evictions and good past rental history.
Good credit record
Verifiable employment and References.
**** Welcome Military and Traveler Nurse **** 
No pets.. No smoking and absolutely no DRUGS( including Medical Marihuana ) in the premises.
EASY ACCESS to Intersate 5 HWY, 805 hwy and 905
5 mins to International Border and 18 mins to Downtown.
15 mins to Southwestern College 
Near LAS AMERICA OUTLET Shopping Center.
Laundry Facility 5 minutes away.
Close Public transportation and Troley.
*** Studio available to be shown Only by Appointment. MUST to see to appreciate this Studio. 
Only serious and pleasant applicants PLEASE TEXT or CAll Juan for more questions show contact info
. Se habla español.
We value and respect your time. Please give Us 24 hrs to answer back.

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 23:07
Price: $1250
Latitude: 32.562600
Longitude: -117.043000
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
