$2435 / 2br - 1145ft2 - Half Month Free on this Top Floor 2BDR (Otay Ranch)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Come home to a great community - Enclave Otay Ranch!Beds: 2  / Baths: 2 / Monthly Rent: $2425. Security Deposit: $500  COMMUNITYYou have just opened the doors to your new home, Enclave Otay Ranch -- promising to be your next level luxury experience in East Chula Vista! Our magnificent community features a great selection of spacious one-, two-, and three-bedroom floorplans designed with contemporary style and comfort in mind. Enclave Otay Ranch is pet friendly and offers a myriad of amenities including: 24-hour fitness center; sparkling swimming pool and spa; social lounge; business center; tot lot and game lounge; and much more!

Conveniently located in the Eastlake neighborhood of Chula Vista, you are just around the corner from local shopping, dining, and entertainment, and with easy access to Highway 805 and 125. Enclave Otay Ranch is just minutes away from Downtown San Diego and its world-famous destinations, such as Balboa Park and the San Diego Zoo. The good life needs a place - and we've designed it just for you, here at Enclave Otay Ranch. Come home and live it to the fullest! From our resort-style amenities and stunning landscape to our loyal and reliable management team, we are dedicated to creating an environment that is not only comfortable and welcoming, but one that keeps you inspired - one you will be proud to call your home.

Tour one of our luxury apartment homes today and experience for yourself what makes Enclave Otay Ranch the optimum destination!
COMMUNITY FEATURES
✓ 24 Hour Package Receiving
✓ Business Center Onsite
✓ Controlled Access/Gated
✓ Courtesy Patrol
✓ Detached Garages
✓ Fire Pits
✓ Fitness Center
✓ Group Exercise
✓ On-Site Maintenance
✓ On-Site Management
✓ Playground
✓ Recreation Room
✓ Resort Style Pool
✓ Smoke Free CommunityRESIDENT AMENITIES
✓ BBQs with Outdoor Seating
✓ Cardio Equipment Including Treadmills, Stair Climbers, Elliptical and Bike
✓ Clubhouse Lounge Includes Shuffleboard and Gaming Options
✓ Clubhouse Lounge with Movie / Music Listening Systems for Entertainment
✓ Comfy Poolside Lounge Chairs
✓ Covered Parking Available
✓ Green Living Initiatives Including Paperless Leases Agreements, Convenient Resident Portal with Online Payment Options, Online Service Request Ability and Recycling
✓ Gym Which Inspires Personal Fitness in an Uncrowded Space
✓ On-Site Self-Storage Closets Available for Rent
✓ Outdoor Dining and Entertaining Spaces with BBQs
✓ Outdoor Fireplace Perfect for Winding Down After A Busy Day
✓ Strength Training Equipment Including Equipment and Free Weights
✓ Wi-Fi At Pool and ClubhouseCOMMUNITY SPECIALS:show contact info
LENGTH OF LEASE: 12-Month, 13-Month, 14-Month Ready to lease? Call us at -  show contact info
BUSINESS HOURS: Mon - Fri: 9:00 AM - 6:00 PMSat - Sun: 10:00 AM - 5:00 PMADDRESS: 1625 Santa Venetia St Chula Vista, CA 91913EQUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITYContact leasing for details on qualifications. Application fee: $45. Combined gross household income must be 2.5 times the monthly rent. Background and credit check required. No evictions.

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 11:55
Price: $2435
Latitude: 32.622027
Longitude: -116.987228
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1145
