$1683 / 1br - 670ft2 - 1x1 bedroom for rent in great location! Available Nov 10th! (Chula Vista)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 670 Sq. Ft. 
Rosina Vista is a 278-unit apartment home community in the Otay Ranch area of Chula Vista, California. Directly across the street is the new Otay Ranch High School, making Rosina Vista perfect for families. Otay Ranch is one of the newest planned developments in San Diego County; employment, retail, and the Otay Ranch Town Center are only a few minutes away!
Rosina Vista offers a beautifully designed Clubhouse complete with Conference Room and Business Center featuring computers and fax/copier service. The Fitness Center is equipped with state-of-the-art PRECOR Equipment, dry and wet sauna, and lockers. Expansive trails wind through this Master Planned Community.
Take advantage of the resort style living throughout the year with Rosina Vista's heated pool, hot tub and barbeque areas. This pet friendly community also offers a playground and planned social activities. 
Features:
Multi-Cycle Dishwasher, Computer Nooks*, Dual Sinks in Master Bath*, High Speed Internet, Built in Microwave, Garage with all Homes, Direct Access Garages*, Two-Tone Paint, Central Air Conditioning, In Home Full-size Washer and Dryers, Keyless Entry Locking System, Crown Molding, Slab Granite Countertops in Bath/Kitchen, Natural Wood Cabinets and Pantry, Oversized Private Patio or Balcony, 9' Ceilings, Gas Cook Top, Stainless Steel Whirlpool Appliances, Raised Panel Interior Doors, Breakfast Bar or Chef's Island, Spacious/Walk-In Closet*, Refrigerator with Ice Maker, Ceramic Tile Floors, New Carpeting in Bedrooms, Linen Closet, Wood Style Flooring 
Community Amenities:
Pet Friendly, Conference Room, Us/Mexico Border is only 5 miles away, Fitness Center with State of the Art Precor Equipment, Tot Lot, Expansive Hiking and Bike Trails, Easy access to Highways 125 & 805, BBQ Area, Rancho Del Rey Middle is less than two miles away, Three Miles to Arco Olympic Training Center, Clubhouse, Business Center with Fax/Copier Service, One Mile to Southwestern Community College, Less than two miles to Wolf Canyon Elementary, One Mile to Otay Ranch Town Center, Only 5 miles to the US/Mexico Border, Planned Social Activities, Dry/Wet Sauna, Five miles to Cricket Wireless Amphitheater, Multitude of Shopping and Dining Choices, Walking distance to Otay Ranch High School, Resort Style Pool and Hot Tub 
Pet Policy:
Breed Restrictions Apply - Call for Details 
Interested in more information? See link below:
http://discover.rvmcorp.com/77e9i1
Additional requirements needed. 
Equal Housing Opportunity 
L3YqNYJhbJjc

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 18:11
Price: $1683
Latitude: 32.651300
Longitude: -116.985200
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 670
