$1595 / 1br - 746ft2 - *Specials*Specials*! No APP fees + $250 OFF m/in - $99 Deposit* (Chula Vista/Eastlake/Otay Ranch)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Ready to make that move into your new Home Sweet Home?? Secure your home today with just $99!  Beautiful 1 bed 1 bath with everything you're looking for.  Check us out today - either online or stop by - www.pinnacleatotayranch.com  Take advantage of our spooktacular Halloween savings - $250 off your move in costs, no application fees PLUS an additional free parking space and only $99 deposit (*oac) - what are you waiting for?- applications may be made online and approval takes just minutes - DON'T MISS THIS ONE!
Tucked inside the master-planned community of Otay Ranch, Pinnacle at Otay Ranch Apartment Homes is teeming with upscale amenities like a heated lap pool and state-of-the-art fitness centers. Our one, two and three bedroom apartments offer nine-foot ceilings with crown molding, washer and dryer, fireplace, gourmet kitchen and more. Our community gives you access to the prestigious Heritage School District, too.
There are so many reasons to enjoy living in this spacious one bedroom, one bathroom apartment at Pinnacle at Otay Ranch. From the large private patio/balcony to the spacious living room/dining room, to the fantastic kitchen with a built-in computer desk, we know you will love it here! Call or stop by today for your personal tour of this fantastic home!
Apartment Features Includes:
Built-in computer desk (select homes)
Ceiling fan
Dishwasher
Fireplace (select homes)
Full-size washer and dryer
Gas range
Gourmet kitchen
Microwave
Nine-foot ceilings
Oversize patio or balcony
Refrigerator with icemaker
Wood-style floors (select homes)
Roman oversize soaking tub
Community Amenities Include:
Barbecue area
Business center and conference facilities
Close to public transit
Clubhouse with full-size kitchen (rentable)
Easy access to the 805 and 125 Expressway
Playground
Private garages available
Two cardiovascular fitness salons
Two swimming pools and spas
Attended entrances
Contact Us:show contact info
 |
www.PinnacleatOtayRanch.com
1310 Santa Rita Chula Vista California 91913
Equal Housing Opportunity
Pricing and Availability is subject to change

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 11:03
Price: $1595
Latitude: 32.621442
Longitude: -116.998888
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 746
