$3400 / 2br - 1300ft2 - ONE OF A KIND, UNIQUE HOME ON PRIVATE HALF ACRE! (walnut creek)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
ONE OF A KIND, UNIQUE HOME ON PRIVATE HALF ACRE! 
You must personally see this beautiful multi-million dollar home to appreciate it! Gorgeous, One of a Kind Exclusive Designer Custom Private Two Bedroom In-Law Home with very spacious rooms, surrounded by garden on half acre in Charming Tice Valley area of south Walnut Creek.
1300 sq. ft., open design, very light, immaculate unfurnished in law home unit on private half acre lot attached by one double insulated common wall to one high end luxury single family custom home, both homes surrounded on all sides by two lovely private patios (one each) and garden (including fruit trees, vegetables, and rose garden) with common fenced in yard, in the countrified Tice Valley area of Walnut Creek near Alamo and Rossmoor. 
Double parking in your own driveway only 3-4 steps up from your front door. Only 3 minutes from downtown Walnut Creek (stores, restaurants, movie theaters, etc.), 680 and 24 freeways, and two blocks from Walnut Creek Community Center gym, soccer field/dog park, dog kennel, Rossmoor, and Alamo. The best award winning Mt. Diablo schools nearby (Tice Creek or Park Meade, Las Lomas High). Only two blocks to Rossmoor and bus stop for BART, 3 blocks to Safeway, CVS and Rite-Aid pharmacies, numerous banks, shopping, and the John Muir medical clinic. 
Available: NOW
Design Details:
Nine foot high ceilings, enormous, open living/dining room (20 x 30), very spacious master bedroom (15 x 20), large second bedroom, marble bathroom counter with solid brass fixtures, all with generous floor to ceiling closet space (including custom built-in deep shelving for clothing, shoes, and double hung rods). 
Kitchen has a big window facing the garden, loads of storage with full height cabinets, dishwasher, gas stove and oven, new built-in microwave, and optional three year old double door stainless steel refrigerator. 
In home laundry closet with optional three year old, high efficiency washer and dryer and to-the-ceiling shelf storage. 
Decor includes light maple floors, off white walls, plantation shutters on oversized picture windows and sliding door, all looking out to the private garden and a lovely patio. 
Easy private parking for 2 cars in your own driveway (currently no garage) in addition to plenty of guest parking. Optional storage shed at additional cost.
Utilities:
Pro-rated shared utilities and residential maintenance: Directv or Comcast Triple Play: TV, high speed Internet; electrostatic filtered air conditioning and forced air furnace heating (PG&E will be converted soon to solar panels); Bay Alarm security, smoke, and fire alarm system monitored at the station: garbage collection service; Bugs Be Gone exterminating service bimonthly or as needed; EBMUD water; weekly gardener; optional house cleaner at additional cost. 
One small dog, OK with $100.00 month pet surcharge.
Terms:
1 year lease minimum but will consider 6 months at higher rate.  First and last month's costs, plus damage and cleaning security deposit required.  Pet damage deposit will be assessed.

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 09:47
Price: $3400
Latitude: 37.874508
Longitude: -122.063744
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 1300
