$3030 / 2br - 1069ft2 - Location! Community! Quality Living! It Starts at Vintage! (dublin / pleasanton / livermore)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Mention you heard about us from this ad and receive waived application fees! 
 Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1069 Sq. Ft. 
NEW APARTMENT HOMES IN PLEASANTON, CA.
A contemporary apartment community that is as much an escape as it is a destination. A place where beautifully appointed homes, resort-style amenities, rolling lawns and parks, and boutique shops come together to create a distinctly new leisure lifestyle.
Please click on the link below to check out our virtual tour!
http://youtu.be/Wx2FqnfgMzQ 
Features:
Quartz kitchen and bath countertops, Full-sized stacked washer and dryer, Balcony and/or patio*, Smart thermostats & exhaust fans, Walk-up entries and private garages*, Spacious 1, 2 and 3-bedroom homes & townhomes, Furnished Apartments Available at a Premium*, Dedicated resident and guest parking, Wood-style flooring, Modern cabinetry, fixtures and lighting, Stainless steel Whirlpool appliances, Ceiling Fans*, Walk-in closets* 
*in select units
Community Amenities:
Package Acceptance/Storage Lockers, Billiards and Shuffleboard, Bike Repair Shop, Bike Storage Rooms, Bark Park, Vintage Greens Game Lawn with Corn Hole, Wellness 24 Hour Fitness Club, Pocket Parks and Courtyards, Sophisticated Resident Clubhouse with Starbucks Coffee Bar, Resort Pool with Cabana's, Fireside Lounge and Spa, Demonstration Kitchen with Monthly Cooking Classes, 4 BBQ and Picnic Areas, Outdoor Social Club with Fireside Lounge, BBQ's and TV, Retail plaza featuring 30, 000 sq. ft. of convenient retail, restaurants and services, including Starbucks, BottleTaps, Orange Theory Fitness, Bishops and CVS, Yoga and Pilates Studio with On Demand Fitness, Outdoor Relaxation, Social Veranda with WiFi, Business Lounge, with Coffee Bar, WiFi and Work Center, Pet Grooming Spa, Private Access to Walking Trail with Dog Off Leash Area 
Pet Policy:
$500 Deposit
$50 per pet per month
Up to 2 pets and non-aggressive breeds only 
See our property details here:
http://cl.greystar.com/313yb8
Equal Housing Opportunity 
dOFZh1NoI

Date Posted: November 04, 2018 at 12:30
Price: $3030
Latitude: 37.669712
Longitude: -121.857262
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1069
