$2595 / 2br - Top Floor, 2-Bedroom With Lagoon Views! Walk To Beach/South Shore! (alameda)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
We have a large, second (top) floor, 2-bedroom/1-bathroom apartment, with AMAZING views of one of Alameda's peaceful Lagoons!  It's available now, for immediate move in!  
Call or email, ASAP, to set up an appointment to view this spectacular apartment and our well maintained grounds before your fellow apartment seekers do!  Very few apartments offer Lagoon views like this unit does, so we expect this unit to rent fast!  Contact us immediately to come take a look!
This apartment has a very spacious floor plan!  The Living Room is wide open, providing ample opportunities for your furniture placement.  The Dining area, which sits right off the Living Room and Kitchen, is also generously proportioned, and features a large window, providing an abundance of sunlight.  The Kitchen is well-appointed, and has a stove/oven, refrigerator, dishwasher and an ample amount of cabinet space!  And, there is a very large balcony off the Living and Dining Rooms which offers fantastic Pool and Lagoon views!
The bathroom features a bath tub and shower combo, as well as ample cabinet/storage space under the sink!  The hallway leading to the bedrooms has a very large linen closet for additional storage needs, as well as a generously sized coat closet!
Both bedrooms are above average in size and get a lot of late morning/afternoon natural sunlight!  They each offer large closets, as well.  Factoring in all bedroom and hallways closets, there are a total of FIVE in this apartment!
This unit is renting for $2,595/month and the Lease Term is for one year. The Security Deposit is $1,500.
Each unit comes with a covered parking space, as well as a spacious storage locker (both at no additional charge!). As for Utilities, you only pay gas and electricity; we pay water, trash, and sewer! Also, we are a SMOKE-FREE property!
We have seven Laundry Rooms on site, featuring new, front loading LG Washers and Dryers. No quarters or laundry card top-up's required! Our Washers and Dryers allow you to pay by credit card and also have the capability to notify you via text when your laundry is done! 
The Driftwood Apartments are located in the best part of Alameda! We are across the street from the South Shore Shopping Center, where you'll enjoy such stores as Safeway, Trader Joe's, Ross, Jamba Juice, Chipotle, Pagano's Hardware, Walgreen's, many banks and other fine services. Crown Memorial Beach is only 3 blocks, or a 5 minute walk, away!!  Take an after-dinner stroll to Park Street, also only a 5 minute walk!
The AC Transit Transbay Express Bus to downtown San Francisco picks up directly in front of our building, as do buses to Fruitvale BART and the Oakland Airport. Also, the Alameda/Oakland Ferry (which goes to the foot of Market Street in San Francisco) Terminal is but a short, 5-minute drive.
We're sorry, but with the exception of Service and Comfort Animals, DOGS ARE NOT PERMITTED, regardless of size or breed. We DO allow INDOOR CATS with an additional $500 Security Deposit. 
For more information, please call or email to schedule a viewing!!
We are located at 2117 Otis Drive (at the corner of Otis Drive/Willow Street), ALAMEDA, CA. 
The Driftwood Lagoon Apartments
 2117 Otis Drive
 Alameda, CA 94501
 Phone:  show contact info

 Email:  show contact info

 Web: www.WeRent.com

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 13:26
Price: $2595
Latitude: 37.760825
Longitude: -122.253606
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
