$2562 / 2br - 1175ft2 - Spacious Renovated 2bed/2bath home! Make It Yours! (danville / san ramon)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Find Your Next Spacious Home at Foothill Gardens and Twin Creeks!
This is where you will find the most spacious 2bed/2bath floor plan with a home-like floor plan. Walk in and be greeted by a cozy gas fireplace with an eye-catching mantle in the living room. Our homes feature a gourmet kitchen with stainless steel appliances, custom cabinetry and plenty of counter space. It is completely open to the dining area which has an easy-to-clean vinyl flooring to make mealtime clean up a breeze!
Don't worry about storage, there is plenty throughout the home with the coat closet, linen closet, and walk-in closet in the hallway. All in close proximity to the full-size stackable washer & dryer!
Each bedroom stretches out 11 feet by 15 feet with a long mirrored wall closet. So you can fit a king size bed and still have plenty of room to spare!
All of our homes have access to an exterior storage closet and a large carport that can accommodate 2 vehicles!
Did we mention that we are pet friendly?? Bring Fido & Fluffy, we are sure they will love the space as well! There's an enclosed Dog Park on-site of the community, have your pet off-leash and enjoy some activity! We also have convenient Pet Pick-Up Stations throughout our community, and a small piddle patch area for pets to use!
*Breed restrictions apply. Additional deposit & monthly pet rent per pet required. Inquire for more details.*
Our community sits right on the foothills, and you'll often see deer and turkey roaming by the fence line. We offer a pool & spa area with BBQ grill and our Fitness Center is open 24 hours a day! We also have a cozy Community Garden where you can reserve a plot to grow fruits, vegetables, herbs, or flowers!
Call and schedule an appointment to tour! You won't be disappointed!
Apartment F010
Lease Term: 12 Months (other lease terms available)
Monthly Rate: $2,562
*Rate subject to change based on availability, lease term, & move in date. Prices change daily*
Contact us today!! show contact info

http://live.foothilltwincreeks.com/
1110 Harness Drive 
San Ramon, CA 94583
Equal Housing Opportunity

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 12:57
Price: $2562
Latitude: 37.757161
Longitude: -121.966546
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1175
