$4000 / 2br - 981ft2 - Amazing 2 Bedroom That Has Never Been Lived In!  Luxury At Its Finest! (oakland downtown)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Brand new boutique style apartments in Oakland, CA Jefferson Street Apartments Near BART in OaklandSTEPS FROM GREAT SHOPPING, DINING, AND LIVINGMaxwell apartments deliver a turnkey lifestyle with everything you need within walking distance, and so much more just a short BART ride or drive away. A variety of fine dining options, countless concert venues, and social lounges are steps from your front door. Maxwell Apartments near BART are also in close proximity to the Jack London Square, and a quick 15 minutes BART ride puts you directly in San Francisco.From Maxwell, you can walk to the shops, bars, and restaurants of Uptown Oakland. The Old Oakland Farmers Market is a local favorite that is regarded as one of the best farmer's markets in the area. High end shopping at Bay Street is a drive just minutes away as well.Maxwell is also adjacent to the 19th Street BART station for quick and easy access to the Oracle Arena, or San Francisco. Our location also offers light speed access to Interstate 980, 880, 580, and 80. For those of you who work at Pandora, BART, Kaiser Permanente, and Uber, you'll find our location especially ideal -- not to mention numerous major employers in the area.This combination of city conveniences and natural beauty make Maxwell's Jefferson Street apartments a perfect fit for every lifestyle - from young professionals and families, to older adults and pet owners who flock to downtown Oakland where your pet are always welcomed.  Call Now:  show contact info
Visit This Website to See More:http://live.fpimgt.com/eg76n2 This is a 2 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 981 Sq. Ft. Features - Fiber-optic enabled homes providing fastest Internet connection in Oakland  - Private patio or balcony  - Upgraded Berber carpeted bedrooms  - Air conditioning and heating in every-home  - Floating bathroom vanities with under mounted sink  - Soaking tub  - Oakland and San Francisco skyline views*  - Upgraded plumbing fixtures  - Spacious walk-in closets*  - Smart home enhancements including Nest Thermostat® and USB charging port  - Whirlpool stainless steel and energy-efficient appliances  - Modern roller shade window coverings  - Caesar stone styled counters with tile backsplash, under-mount stainless steel sink, and pendant lighting  - Euro-style, high-gloss kitchen cabinetry offered in two designer color schemes with slow-close drawers  - Wood grain-style flooring throughout living space  - Wood grain-style flooring throughout living space  - In-home Washer & Dryer  - Expansive floor-to-ceiling windows *In Select Homes Community Amenities - Outdoor patio with BBQ grill and seating  - State of the art fitness center  - Pet-friendly with no weight limits  - On-line rent payments  - 96 Walk Score  - Planned resident networking events  - 24/7 Package lockers  - Game room  - Access-controlled community  - Dry cleaning scheduling  - Doorstep trash pickup  - Submit work orders  - Furniture rental available*  - Walking distance to 19th street BART station  - 100% Smoke-free community  - Bike maintenance work station and storage  - Communicate with on-site management  - Housekeeping scheduling  - Nearby fine dining, concert venues, and social lounges.  - Easy access to Interstate 980, 880, 580 and 80.  - Restaurant table reservations  - Resident social lounge  - Private pet patio with pet waste station  - Accent walls options Pet Policy We welcome pets one year or older of all shapes and sizes with no weight limit. $500 deposit is required per pet and $35 monthly pet rent per pet. Breed restrictions do apply. Two pets maximum per home.*Breed Restrictions:(or any hybrid or mixed breed) Akita, American Bull Dog, Boxer, Cane Corsos,, Chowchows, Dobermans, Dalmatian, German Shepherds, Great Danes, Huskies, Karelian Bear Dog, Malamutes, Mastiff, Pit Bulls, Presa Canario, Rottweilers, St. Bernard, Staffordshire Terriers, any Wolf Hybrid. Poisonous Animals: Piranhas or Tarantulas.Exotic Animals: Birds (Cockatiels, Parrots & Macaws), Ferrets, Raccoon's, Reptiles (Snakes and Iguanas), Rabbits, Squirrels, and Skunks. Income Requirements: All household must have verifiable gross income that at the least 2.5 monthly rent amount. Income must be legal and verifiable. Written verification and proof of all income include, but is not limited to, current and consecutive pay stubs, social security or other retirement income, verification or welfare, disability, or SSI, income tax returns, unemployment benefits, workers compensation payments, bank statements, and trust accounts. Application not meeting the income-to- rent ratio may be required to pay an increase to the security deposit or obtain a co-signer.Office Hours Monday-Saturday:9:00AM-6:00PM Maxwell 1801 Jefferson St STE 100, Oakland, CA, 94612Equal Housing Opportunity tK16fOVc

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 10:04
Price: $4000
Latitude: 37.808258
Longitude: -122.273315
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 981
