$2000 / 1br - Sunny, Spacious Apt Near Ashby Bart | Now - Dec/Jan (flexible) (oakland north / temescal)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
- About the Rental - 
Available Now through Dec 31 or Jan 31. Dates flexible prorated as needed; possibility to extend through January, or shorten to end of November. Priority given to those looking for a longer rental.  
If your prefer you can book or view on Airbnb: https://abnb.me/NvB6Mro7BR
* Rent: $2,000 per month 
* High speed internet & utilities included in price
*Fully furnished
*Clean sheets, blankets, and towels provided
- How To Apply - 
Reply to this message to arrange a time to see the apartment. Please send me a little bit of info about you, who will be staying in the apartment, and why you'd like to sublet.
I'll email you to schedule a time to see the place.
- About The Space -
Furnished spacious 1-bedroom apartment in safe, hip, walkable neighborhood. Tons of great cafes, bars, and food within easy walking distance. You'll be located a mere 5 minute walk from the Ashby BART station which will get you to downtown San Francisco in ~30 minutes, downtown Oakland in ~15 minutes, and downtown Berkeley in 3 minutes!
I'm subletting the apartment for a friend who is gone much of the year for work. The apartment gets wonderful natural during the day, with a view of the Berkeley hills from the living room. 
Because this an older, second-story apartment with hardwood floors, we have to ask the kindly keep the noise levels down and shoes off after 10PM, for the sake of the downstairs neighbors.
There is plenty of safe, reliable street parking directly outside of the apartment. There is no laundry on site, but there is a Laundromat 2 minutes walk away , open till 9PM seven days a week.
- Neighborhood Highlights -  
Berkeley Bowl (~8 minute walk) - famous cooperatively owned grocer, amazing produce, dry goods, wine and cheese, meet and seafood, and prepared foods. Closes at 8PM (7PM Sundays).
Walgreens (~8 minute walk) - right next to Berkeley Bowl Whole Foods (~15 minute walk)- open till 10PM
Nomad Cafe (30 second walk) - Great spot to grab a coffee and work on your laptop
Alchemy Cafe (~10 minute walk) -Hip, locally owned cafe with large coffee selection
Smokehouse (~5 minute walk) - Burger, hotdogs, fries and milkshakes, open late!
Bahn Mi - (~5 minute walk) - Great spot for a $5 bahn mi and more
Nick's Pizza (~5 minutes walk) - Local spot of original Oakland Sour Dough Pizza, rotating special toppings, they sell slices too!
Starry Plough Pub (2 minute walk) - Historic Irish Pub with lots of events and kitchen open late
Hoi Polloi (~15 minutes) - Excellent spot for local craft brews
White Horse Bar (~5 minute walk) - Historic LGBT bar
Nick's Karaoke Loung (~15 minutes) - Amazing karaoke bar
- Interaction With Guests -
I currently live next door and am subletting the apartment for my friend and neighbor. You'll have the apartment all to yourselves, but I'm also nearby if you have any questions, or need help finding your way around the area.
 - Other Things To Note -
Please also note that this is an older apartment with many of the original cabinets, fixtures, etc. Everything works fine, but the linoleum kitchen floors and kitchen tiles show some wear, and the apartment hasn't been painted in a couple years. This is quite typical of apartments in the area, where landlords are able to charge very high rents without doing upgrades over the years.
So, if you like charming older apartments with character and don't require modern IKEA everywhere, you'll probably find this to be a very comfortable, well-lit, spacious, affordable and ideally located apartment!
Also, again, please not that we ask you keep noise levels down after 10PM, for the sake of the downstairs neighbors.

Date Posted: October 28, 2018 at 15:42
Price: $2000
Latitude: 37.851154
Longitude: -122.265448
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
