$2575 / 2br - You deserve a higher standard of living (hercules, pinole, san pablo, el sob)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
You deserve a higher standard of living, at Solace we offer that to you in every way..

Nestled in the foothills of a small rural town and surrounded by 4 spectacularly beautiful regional parks, Solace is an oasis to adjacent East Bay urban core cities. Solace offers unique innovative common areas, living spaces and lifestyle centric services.

Residents enjoy exclusive access to 7,000+ square feet of indoor and outdoor amenities as well as an unprecedented array of hospitality-style services and lifestyle enhancements. Indoor and outdoor environments are seamlessly, elegantly intertwined. Designed and constructed to condominium-caliber standards, Solace luxury rentals offer residents the freedom and convenience of living in a thoughtfully planned living environment.

Solace is managed with pride by a team committed to creating personal thoughtful experiences for our residents. We aim to create a strong sense of community along with unparalleled customer service. At Solace, you will receive the perfect home with every detail thoughtfully designed along with a staff that is attentive to your needs. 

Advertised rate is after housing services reduction credits have been taken into consideration.  Must call for further details.


Apartment Overview:Price: 2575Bed: 2Bath: 2Floor: 2ndAmenities:-Granite Countertops in Kitchen With Island Style Serving Bar in most units-Trellised Deck Overlooking Pool-Fireplaces and Vaulted Ceilings in Select Homes-Oversized Double Pane-BBQ's-Cabanas and Large Fire Pit to Gather Friends-Barbecue Grills-Resident Affairs Director-Central Dehumidifier-Whirlpool Stainless Steel Appliance Package-Bike Friendly - Bike Repair Station Adjacent-Spa and Outdoor Lounge Areas-Luxury Wood-Look Weathered Oak Plank Flooring Throughout-Real Wood Shaker Style Cabinets with SS Hardware-Clubhouse with Fireplace-Two-tone Designer PaintImages may not be of exact apartment in certain apartments. Square footage is approximate.

Date Posted: October 21, 2018 at 17:22
Price: $2575
Latitude: 37.965743
Longitude: -122.319132
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: NA
