$2432 / 1br - 705ft2 - Gorgeous One Bed on the Second floor with a Private Balcony! Call in! (dublin / pleasanton / livermore)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 x 10OR Text 10 to  show contact info
 to text us. This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 705 Sq. Ft.  Gain all of the advantages the California coast has to offer without giving up a small-town feel at Avana Dublin Station. Our apartments for rent in Dublin, CA, are nestled conveniently near major transportation hubs and the finest restaurants and shopping the East Bay Area has to offer.Take pride in the attention to detail in our Dublin apartments with gourmet kitchens that feature granite or quartz countertops, stainless steel appliances and upgraded cabinetry. Our apartment homes also feature built-in computer desks, high ceilings and spacious closets that add a touch of style and function to our pet-friendly community.Residents will enjoy our array of luxurious community features including a 24-hour state-of-the-art fitness center, large BBQ grills, beautiful waterfall and more!Avana Dublin Station is perfectly positioned in the city of Dublin and is just under 40 minutes from everything San Francisco has to offer. With San Francisco Bay so close and multiple hiking trails and nature preserves around, outdoor enthusiasts will be in paradise when taking up residence in our Dublin community.Tour our luxurious East Bay Area apartments for rent today and discover a lifestyle that perfectly complements the beautiful atmosphere, climate and culture of Dublin.  Features: Light grey or dark mahogany kitchen cabinetry, Pre-wired for multiple phone and data lines, Central air conditioning and heating, High-speed Internet available, Walk-in Closets, Garages (select homes), Dishwashers, Dual sinks in master baths, High ceilings, Storage areas, Direct access garages (select homes), Linen closets, Kitchen backsplash (select homes), Fantastic views (select homes), Washers and dryers, Gourmet kitchens, Private patios/balconies, Refrigerators, Gas cooking, Separate dining rooms, Built-in computer desks, Microwaves, Short-term lease options available, Spacious closets  Community Amenities: Resort-style pool, Spa, Covered parking, Waterfall, Gated community, Pet-friendly (see pet policy), Fire pit with lounge seating, Controlled access, Business center, Barbecue and picnic area, 24-hour fitness center Interested in more information? Visit link below:http://cl.greystar.com/x748h2Equal Housing Opportunity nm4u8v9L56GI

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 12:35
Price: $2432
Latitude: 37.716600
Longitude: -121.922600
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 705
