$4200 / 2br - 750ft2 - Fresh Rustic Modern 2BR on Urban Farm (furnished) (berkeley)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
AVAILABLE: December 3rd. Ready to sign a lease any time.
SHOWINGS: Email/message me and we can set up an appointment. Serious inquiries only please.
THE SPACE: Fossel Farm's fresh new rustic modern 2BR apartment sets a tone of simple refined elegance throughout. Using all natural materials and a design philosophy that less is often more--we have crafted this apartment by hand to our liking and are now excited to welcome new guests to enjoy it. We've used amazingly fragrant Tennessee cedar architecturally throughout with several full walls of wood and a wide array of built-in cupboards and closets.
Our rustic modern 2BR is on the ground floor of the Fossel farmhouse and has a combined kitchen, living and dining space that one enters from our backyard. On the darker North side of the house in the master bedroom for sleeping, along with a full bath of course. The combined kitchen, living, and dining space can also be artfully divided down the middle for maximum flexibility, allowing guests to have either a larger living room for entertaining and more, or a second bedroom sealed off from more public space.
Upon entering, the mini gourmet kitchen is on the right with everything you need for a weekend or a week--as well as all the basics for a longer term stay. The cupboards are alder wood and treated with a natural stain from Oak galls by your hosts from their own formula. There is a 20"gourmet stainless steel stove, a stainless steel undercounter fridge, an industrial sink with sprayer, an coffee maker, a French press, a knifeblock, a dishrack, and a countertop composter. Puck lights are conveniently located under all of the upper cupboards.
To the right of the kitchen is a Walnut eating counter with two stools. Additional dining seating is available outside in the backyard. Also in the cooking and dining area is one of apartment's two wooden daybeds with an indigo mattress and shibori pillows. It has an elegant overhead light with a cement shade, making it into a cozy spot for curling up with a book, and a wooden propeller fan and light is on the ceiling in the kitchen.
When the moveable wall with its four darkwood panels stands open, the kitchen/dining space extends seamlessly past the kitchen and into additional living space with another matching daybed. This part of the space has floor to ceiling cedar bookshelves built-in, an additional set of deeper cedar shelves which can be configured as a workstation or entertainment console, a cedar closet for when the space is used as a second bedroom, and a window out into the sideyard garden.
When used as a living space, this daybed sits opposite the deeper of the two sets of cedar shelves and can be used very nicely as a couch and entertainment center. Alternately, the moveable wall's four dark wood panels can be closed and sealed off as the second bedroom. The moveable wall, while providing full privacy to the eye, is not acoustically substantial enough to stop sound, so the two spaces function still as one acoustic environment.
When utilized as a bedroom, one can either use the single daybed on its own, or move the other in to join it, adding a mattress topper, and turning it into a fullsized queen bed. Because it has its own access to both the bathroom and the shared space of the living room, it can fully function as its own bedroom. The floors in both this space and the kitchen/dining area are Brazilian black slate, both practical and very handsome as well.
In the master bedroom you will find a deliciously comfortable queensize bed that looks right at a full architectural wall of cedar to wake up to. Under the bed is an extra mattress that can be slid out in a pinch as an extra spot for guests, much like a trundle bed. There are a set of Walnut barn doors over a cedar-lined closet, additional cedar shelves above, puck lighting, a silent convection wall heater, and a view out into the sideyard through the cedar-lined window.
The bathroom features twin sink basins, built-in cedar vanities with custom cut mirrors, a dual-flush toilet, black slate floors, and a subway tile shower with lighting and cedar ceiling.
THE HOUSE: The Fossel Farmhouse is an Edwardian style two level house, built in 1911, still a bit rough around the edges here and there in proper urban farm style, but resounds with charm from every corner! It underwent a renovation 20 years ago, with continuing improvements ever since, most of them handcrafted by your hosts. The exterior of the house is painted with great fresh colors. Shared laundry machines are at the back of the house in a greenhouse style laundry shed. The foundation is bolted and sheerwalled--very earthquake safe.
THE LOCATION: Right in the heart of the great little neighborhood of lower Shattuck Avenue just south of downtown Berkeley (where Shattuck goes down to 2 lanes), this house is 3 blocks to Ashby BART train station, and has a #18 bus stop right outside that takes you to either downtown Berkeley or Downtown Oakland. We are a 15-25 minute walk or 5-10 minute bike ride to the businesses and nightlife of all of the following: Downtown Berkeley, the Elmwood, Temescal, as well as CAL (UC Berkeley). 5 minutes driving to 24/580/880 freeway on-ramp. Walk score of 89. Great location!
THE NEIGHBORHOOD: The house is surrounded within a few blocks by local cafes (Nomad, Renaissance, Jumpin' Java), restaurants (Cafe La Pena, Smokey J's BBQ, Flaco's Taco's, etc), small loft developments, and a friendly neighborhood Irish pub (Starry Plough). Foodie favorites like Crixa Cakes, Sweet Adeline's Bakery, Emilia's Pizzeria, Easy Cajun, and Alchemy Collective are easy walking distance. Both Whole Foods and Berkeley Bowl, widely regarded as the best community market in the East Bay, are five blocks away. The neighborhood continues to develop rapidly with new restaurants and amenities opening all the time.
THE PARKING: The location offers plenty of long-term parking that's good for a week or more if you pay attention to the signs and avoid monthly or bimonthly street cleaning. Parking is 2 hours in front of the house, but only during the hours of 8am-6pm each day, so works easily for overnight parking. There is also a neighborhood parking permit that can be obtained for longer term parking in front of the house
THE PROPERTY: Our Edwardian Farmhouse sits on a large fully-fenced double lot with a generous front yard, huge backyard, and two side yards. There is a copper firepit on custom brick hearth, art studio (private), two outdoor eating spaces, kids area (with treehouse, sandbox, toys a plenty, chalkboard wall, mermaid and dragon), wood lounge chairs, handcrafted double red brick pizza oven with grill (in process), outdoor cafe lighting, lots of potted plants (succulents, aloe, orchids, bougainvillea etc), and three shade umbrellas for the tables. The property offers very nice indoor/outdoor living.
THE GARDENS: Fossel Farm's beautiful vegetable and dye plant gardens consist of 25+ raised beds (always changing but some usual food plant suspects: chard, kale, mixed greens, arugula, potatoes, tomatoes, basil, strawberries, beets, beans, edamame, rhubarb, onions etc). As one of your hosts is also an expert in plant dyes, we grow specialty dyes such as indigo and madder, as well as a range of other color producers. We have our Angora rabbit "bun bun", and keep two active beehives on top of our art studio/shed--out of harm's way--but great for those who may be interested.You can enjoy some seasonal vegetables from our garden and cook yourself a farm fresh egg or two while you're here. Currently the front yard features morning glory vines, a lemon tree, Neroli orange tree, false bamboo, roses, potato vine, as well as an expanding herb garden and a sitting area for two with brick patio. Lastly, there are four raised beds on the sidewalk with succulents and California poppies, as well as a peach and a walnut tree.
Fossel Farm has an active urban farm rhythm with lots of activity around the property, as well as your hosts' dynamic livelihoods that extend out into the local neighborhood and greater city beyond. There is most always one project or another going on, though most guests will find it very peaceful compared to staying nearly anywhere else in the Bay Area. It has a quietude and calm that resounds despite its urban location. When we are here as your hosts you may well see us frequently, particularly if you spend time in the gardens. If you want to retreat however we are just fine with that as well. It's what you make of it.
TERMS: Apartment available Dec 3rd. Rent is $4200 monthly, deposit is $4200. Looking for month-to-month or a lease that ends before summer 2019. It may be possible that we would extend the lease at that time however. We pay high speed internet, water, gas, electric, trash--you pay only rent. Fully furnished. 
SHOWINGS: Message me and we can set up an appointment. Serious inquiries only please.
Thanks!

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 10:36
Price: $4200
Latitude: 37.852414
Longitude: -122.266586
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 750
