$2404 / 1br - 720ft2 - Gorgeous 1 Bed 1 Bath! Vaulted Ceilings! Skylight Window! Ready Now! (fremont / union city / newark)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Unpack in Your New Home Creekside Village has it all - Stylish Interiors, Upgraded Amenities and Surrounded by Nature Call Now:  show contact info
Creekside Village 2999 Sequoia Terrace, Fremont, CA, 94536Visit This Website to See More:http://lease.sheaservice.com/9s14r2 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 720 Sq. Ft. 

**SPECIAL OFFER**REDUCED $199 DEPOSIT (ON APPROVED CREDIT) AND 1 WAIVED APPLICATION FEE!


*TESLA AND FACEBOOK EMPLOYEES, PLEASE CALL FOR ADDITIONAL SPECIALS* 



 Creekside Village Apartments, overlooking Quarry Lakes Regional Recreation Area, represents the best of East Bay living with amazing creek views, stylish interiors and upgraded amenities. You can spend the morning fishing off the dock at Rainbow Lake, enjoy a BBQ with friends under one of the covered picnic pavilions or go for a jog on the Alameda Creek Regional Trail. There are endless activities for you to enjoy at Fremont's best located apartments.At Creekside Village Apartments you can enjoy a good workout in the fitness center, relax in the resort-style pools and spas or take care of business at the business center. You'll also appreciate the interior upgrades including white raised panel cabinetry, modern laminate countertops, all-new bathrooms, custom lighting systems, designer paint, full appliance package and so much more. Features - Amenities May Vary by Floor Plan and Location  - Refrigerator with Ice Maker Available  - One and Two Bedroom Floor Plans  - Pet Locations Available  - Walk-in Closets or Mirrored Wardrobe Doors  - Flat Panel Doors with Lever Hardware  - Huge Private Patio or Balcony  - Whirlpool Kitchen Appliances including Electric Range and Microwave  - Ceiling Fan in Dining Room  - Full-sized Washer/Dryer  - Nine-foot or Vaulted Ceilings with Skylight Windows  - White Raised Panel Cabinetry With Brushed Chrome Hardware, Two-toned Paint and Designer Lighting  - Heat and Air Conditioning  - Oversized Windows with Horizontal Window Blinds Community Amenities - Resort-style Pools and Spas with Cabanas  - State-of-the-Art Fitness Center with Weight Training and Cardio Theatres  - Playground  - BBQ and Picnic Areas  - Exclusive Resident Social Hub  - Rent to Own Program  - Resident Lounge with Kitchen, Fireplace, TV and Gaming  - Free Wi-Fi in Common Areas  - Planned Resident Activities  - Smoke-Free Community  - Overlooking Quarry Lakes Regional Recreation Area with 539 Acres of Lakes, Trails, Fishing, Boating, Swimming and Picnic Areas  - Business Center Pet Policy Pet Deposits:$500 for up to two cats$600 for one dog$850 for one dog, one cat$1000 for two dogsPet Rent: Cats: $25 a month pet rent per cat; Dogs: $50 a month pet rent per dogCall for details. Driving Directions From the 880 Freeway: Exit Thornton Avenue and head east. Turn right onto Paseo Padre Parkway and left onto Sequoia Terrace. Creekside Village is straight ahead at the end of the street.From the 680 Freeway: Exit Washington Boulevard and head northwest. Make a right onto Mowry and a left onto Paseo Padre Parkway. Turn right on Sequoia Terrace. Creekside Village is straight ahead at the end of the street. Office Hours Monday - Saturday: 9 a.m. - 6 p.m.Sunday: 11 a.m. - 5 p.m.  The rental rates listed above are based on a 12+ month lease term with immediate move-in. Shorter term leases and longer hold periods are available with a monthly upcharge. Pricing deemed reliable but not guaranteed and can change without notice. CA BL DRE #01382566Equal Housing Opportunity  fremont apartments apartments fremont creekside village apartments creekside apartments fremont creekside fremont g7kIgHNl

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 15:49
Price: $2404
Latitude: 37.565910
Longitude: -122.001753
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 720
