$3800 / 3br - West Oakland Victorian Returns to its Original Glory Mixed with Modern (oakland west)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
OPEN HOUSE SUNDAY 10/21 10:30-11AM
1439 Chestnut Street
Oakland, Ca 94607
This attractive 1889 Victorian is located on a leafy cul-de-sac in West Oakland, just a few minutes walk to downtown Oakland, West Oakland BART, and historic Defremery Park. Profound care was taken to preserve the Victorian charm and architectural details on the outside, including a 5-color paint job and new roof in 2017. However, the inside is very modern and ready for 21st Century lifestyles. 
The "L"-kitchen is an entertainers dream, with plenty of work space for everyone to pitch-in with food prep, mixology, and merry-making. You will enjoy tasteful and modern cabinets throughout the kitchen and baths. 
The home boasts energy efficient appliances, a new forced air central heating unit, dimmable LED lighting, and stone-resin countertops. A large breakfast bar connects the kitchen with the common space... perfect for socializing or keeping an eye on the kids doing their homework. 
The large rear bedroom has a walk-in closet and a sliding glass door that leads to a private deck overlooking the ample yard, a perfect place for your morning coffee. There are also two somewhat smaller middle bedrooms with tall Victorian sized windows that boast plenty of natural light. 
The very large front room retains much of the Victorian architectural details such as molding, corbels, and ceiling medallion, and could easily be used as either a second Master Bedroom suite or as a "parlor", which was its original use during the Victorian era in Oakland. This house is charming, with very tall windows and 11-foot ceilings...It's a rock star, no question about it. 
All new hardwood flooring was laid in the kitchen and adjacent common areas, including the laundry, which is just steps from the kitchen behind a restored frosted glass door. You will enjoy the new tile flooring in both baths, and new, neutral carpeting in the bedrooms. The home comes ready to move in with all new shears and window drapes installed. 
Tenants pay PGE & Ebmud. Owner pays garbage. No Pets. Requires successfully completing the Vision Property Management application process ($40 per app for every applicant 18 y/o). Hom requires tenants maintain renter's insurance. First month's rent and security deposit of $4000 must be payable in two separate certified checks
Items needed when submitting an application: 
* Last Year W2, or your tax return if you are self-employed 
* Two current pay stubs 
* Most recent two months bank statements 
* A copy of Driver's License or ID show contact info
 (text is preferred) 
Email hello at vpmpropertymanagement.com
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Term: 12 Months Lease
Monthly Rent: $3800
Security Deposit: $4000 OAC
Section 8: No
Pets: Negotiable with reference check and pet deposit
Only garbage paid by owner.
Items needed when submitting an application: 
* Last year's W2, or tax return if you are self-employed 
* Two current pay stubs 
* Most recent two month's bank statements 
* A copy of Driver's License or ID 
*Rental terms subject to change or amendments 
*Rental requirements include (but are not limited to): Monthly income must be at least 3x the rent, 700 FICO score or better, no evictions 
*Vision Property Management adheres to all Fair Housing Laws and does not discriminate in the rental of property on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, disability, familial status, or national origin. 
*No more than two (2) occupants are allowed to reside in a studio. No more than three (3) occupants are allowed to reside in a one-bedroom unit. No more than five (5) occupants are allowed to reside in a two-bedroom unit. 
Armando Sanchez, Broker 
License #01359505

Date Posted: October 04, 2018 at 13:00
Price: $3800
Latitude: 37.810134
Longitude: -122.285265
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: NA
