$2245 / 1br - Large, Sun-Filled 1-Bedroom With Beach Views! Walk To Shopping! (alameda)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Looking for a Large, ONE BEDROOM apartment which gets A LOT OF NATURAL SUNLIGHT and has views of the San Francisco Bay?  We have one available now, for immediate move-in!  Call or email to set up a viewing of this fantastic unit and our grounds, ASAP!
The floorplan is exceptional!...it features a very large Bedroom and a wide open Kitchen with an abundance of cabinet space, as well as track lighting and a dishwasher! There is a Dining Area off the Kitchen, and the spacious Living Room opens up to a very large Balcony, which offers views of Crown Memorial Beach and the San Francisco Bay!  The Balcony is also accessible via the Bedroom!
This unit is renting for $2,245/month and the Security Deposit is $1,200. The Lease Term is for one year. 
As for Utilities, you only pay electricity; WE pay water, trash, sewer and gas!  That's anywhere from a $75-$100/month savings, to you, versus other buildings which are now charging tenants for ALL Utilities!
This unit offers street parking to start, but you will be #1 on the Wait List for a dedicated parking space on our property.  
We have TWO LAUNDRY ROOMS on site, featuring new, front loading LG Washers and Dryers. No quarters or laundry card top-up's required! Our Washers and Dryers allow you to pay by credit card and also have the capability to notify you via text when your laundry is done! 
Our building also features an ELEVATOR and a SWIMMING POOL and is a "Smoke Free" property.
The Waterfront Apartments are located on the best part of Shoreline Drive! We are across the street from the beautiful Crown Memorial Beach and are just a two short blocks away from the South Shore Shopping Center, where you'll enjoy such stores as Safeway, Trader Joe's, Ross, Jamba Juice, Chipotle, Pagano's Hardware, Walgreen's, many banks and other fine services.
The AC Transit Transbay Express Bus to downtown San Francisco picks up directly in front of our building, as do buses to Fruitvale BART and the Oakland Airport. Also, the Alameda/Oakland Ferry (which goes to the foot of Market Street in San Francisco) Terminal is but a short, 5-minute drive.
We're sorry, but with the exception of Service Animals, PETS ARE NOT PERMITTED, regardless of size or breed. 
We are located at 2051 SHORELINE DRIVE (at the corner of Shoreline/Willow), ALAMEDA, CA.
For more information or to schedule a viewing, please call or email. 
The Waterfront Apartments
2051 Shoreline Drive
Alameda, CA 94501
Phone:   show contact info

Email:   show contact info

Web:  www.WeRent.com

Date Posted: November 04, 2018 at 12:57
Price: $2245
Latitude: 37.756924
Longitude: -122.256868
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
