$2200 Sweet Garden Studio on Urban Farm (Furnished) (berkeley)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
AVAILABLE: Dec 1st. Ready to sign a lease any time.
SHOWINGS: Email/message me and we can set up an appointment. Serious inquiries only please.
THE STUDIO: Fossel Farm's sweet and artistically furnished golden yellow studio has refinished wood floors and faces into the front garden of our urban farm. It has a nice big window with Eastern exposure and great morning light. The kitchen is on the north wall of the studio with a small sink, compact gas stove, under-the-counter fridge--all quite new--and a three stool eating nook. Its full bathroom has a new standing shower and a nice tile floor. The closet is generous for one, fine for two. Zero-VOC paint throughout.
THE HOUSE: The Fossel Farmhouse is an Edwardian style 2 level house, built in 1911, organically rustic and resounding with charm. There are two 3BR apartments and 2 single room studios. It was renovated 15 years ago, with continuing improvements ever since, many of them handcrafted by your hosts. The exterior of the house has been recently repainted with fresh colors. Shared brand new laundry machines are at the back of the house in a greenhouse-style laundry shed. The foundation is bolted and sheer-walled--very earthquake safe.
THE LOCATION: Right in the heart of the great little neighborhood of lower Shattuck Avenue just south of downtown Berkeley (where Shattuck goes down to 2 lanes), this house is 3 blocks to Ashby BART train station, and has a #18 bus stop right outside that takes you to either downtown Berkeley or Downtown Oakland. We are a 15-25 minute walk or 5-10 minute bike ride to the businesses and nightlife of all of the following: Downtown Berkeley, the Elmwood, Temescal, as well as CAL (UC Berkeley). 5 minutes driving to 24/580/880 freeway on-ramp. Walk score of 89. Great location!
THE NEIGHBORHOOD: The house is surrounded within a few blocks by local cafes (Nomad, Renaissance, Jumpin' Java), restaurants (Cafe La Pena, Smokey J's BBQ, Flaco's Taco's, etc), small loft developments, and a friendly neighborhood Irish pub (Starry Plough). Foodie favorites like Crixa Cakes, Sweet Adeline's Bakery, Emilia's Pizzeria, Easy Cajun, and Alchemy Collective are easy walking distance. Both Whole Foods and Berkeley Bowl, widely regarded as the best community market in the East Bay, are five blocks away. The neighborhood continues to develop rapidly with new restaurants and amenities opening all the time.
THE PARKING: The location offers plenty of long-term parking that's good for a week or more if you pay attention to the signs and avoid monthly or bimonthly street cleaning. Parking is 2 hours in front of the house, but only during the hours of 8am-6pm each day, so works easily for overnight parking. There is also a neighborhood parking permit that can be obtained for longer term parking in front of the house
THE PROPERTY: Our Edwardian farmhouse sits on a large fully-fenced double lot with a generous front yard, huge backyard, and two side yards. The property offers very nice rustic indoor/outdoor living. There are two outdoor eating tables w chairs, three shade umbrellas, teak lounge chairs, a copper firepit on brick hearth, outdoor hanging lights, lots of potted plants (succulents, aloe, orchids, bougainvillea etc), handcrafted red brick pizza oven with grill (half complete), art studio/shed (occupied by owners), and kids area (sandbox, puppet theater, toys, scooters, trike, soccer goal etc). 
THE GARDENS: Our vegetable and flower gardens which are mostly in the side and backyards consist of 20+ raised beds (always changing but some usual food plant suspects: chard, kale, mixed greens, arugula, potatoes, tomatoes, basil, strawberries, beets, beans, edamame, rhubarb, onions etc). We have an Angora rabbit "bun bun", and keep two low-risk honeybee hives on top of our art studio. Currently the front yard features morning glory vines, a lemon tree, Neroli orange tree, false bamboo, roses, potato vine, as well as an expanding herb garden and a sitting area for two with brick hearth. Lastly, there are four raised beds on the sidewalk with succulents and California poppies, as well as a peach and a walnut tree.
TERMS: Studio is available Dec 1st. Rent is $2200 monthly, deposit is $2200. We pay high speed internet, water, gas, electric, trash--you pay only rent. Fully furnished. 
SHOWINGS: Message me and we can set up an appointment. Serious inquiries only please.
Thanks!

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 10:43
Price: $2200
Latitude: 37.851828
Longitude: -122.266351
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
