$2015 / 1br - 583ft2 - Happy Harvest at Hacienda: We Have A Community Garden! (dublin / pleasanton / livermore)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
 Contact info: Hacienda Commons | Emerald Properties |  show contact info
 

Owens Dr, Pleasanton, CA 94588
$2,015/mo
 KEY FEATURES Year Built:  1988Sq Footage:  583 sqft.Bedrooms:  1 BedBathrooms:  1 BathParking:  1 Carport | Guest parkingLease Duration:  1 Year (See Details Below)Deposit:  $500Pets Policy:  Cats OKLaundry:  On SiteFloor:  GroundProperty Type:  ApartmentDESCRIPTION
 Join Hacienda Commons unique luxury lifestyle located in the outskirts of Pleasanton, California. Our community offers an abundance of amenities for our neighbors. Enjoy the sparkling swimming pool, private jetted hot tub with lounge area access and just around the corner is our updated gym as well as a Resident business center. Our gorgeous third and top floor one bedroom, one bathroom home comes newly upgraded with modern finishes. You will fall in love with this layout and the prime location! This home features a fully equipped kitchen and built in media desk conveniently located within the home. Just through your bedroom door you will enjoy the triple wardrobe closet space and the main bedroom floods with natural sunlight. In addition you may sit out and relax on your spacious balcony and enjoy sunrise views.  Hacienda Commons is just around the corner from boosting Central Dublin yet you will enjoy the quiet setting of this property. Residents can always go on a nice walk and absorb the natural beauty on the Iron Horse Trail in our backyard, or just down the street is the Dublin/Pleasanton BART station where you can easily get to San Francisco in under one hour. Take a bicycle ride up the street to enjoy great food, shopping, and entertainment at Hacienda Crossings. Do not hesitate to contact our office with any questions you may have or if you would like to schedule a tour to view this beautiful apartment. We are available to assist you 7 days a week until 6:00 p.m. We look forward to hearing from you! Hacienda Commons 5000 Owens Drive Pleasanton, CA 94588show contact info
 www.EmeraldLiving.net Hours: Monday ~ Sunday 10:00 a.m. ~ 6:00 p.m.RENTAL FEATURESLiving room
Dining room
Walk-in closet
Storage space
Pantry
Range / Oven
Refrigerator
Dishwasher
Microwave
Garbage disposal
Freezer
Balcony, Deck, or Patio
Central A/C
Ceiling fans
Cable-ready
COMMUNITY FEATURESShared pool
Fitness center
Business center
Guest parking
 LEASE TERMS  12 Month LeaseADDITIONAL LINKSWebsite: http://www.emeraldliving.net/Contact info:  Hacienda Commons  Emerald Properties show contact info

Date Posted: November 02, 2018 at 16:47
Price: $2015
Latitude: 37.692565
Longitude: -121.883869
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 583
