$2080 / 2br - 829ft2 - Energy Star Appliances, Mirrored Closet Doors, We Love Pets! (dublin / pleasanton / livermore)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 2 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 829 Sq. Ft. 
Welcome to the charming and convenient lifestyle of The Crossing at Arroyo Trail Apartments, located in the heart of Livermore, California. Our pet-friendly community presents an exceptional array of one- and two-bedroom floor plans featuring personal patios and oversized windows that provide ample natural light and beautiful nature views. Live in the serenity of a park-like setting with all professional and personal conveniences within easy reach via I-580 and Highway 84. The San Francisco Premium Outlets, Trader Joe's, and the Arroyo Bike Trail are all just minutes from your doorstep. Schedule a visit to view The Crossing at Arroyo Trail today! 
Features:
Energy Star Appliances, Spacious One- and Two-Bedroom Apartment Homes, Over-sized Windows Allow Ample Natural Light, Ceiling Fans Keep You Comfortable Year-Round, Personal Patio or Balcony, Tiled Wood-Burning Fireplace*, Mirrored Closet Doors, Wired for technology, Energy Efficient Lighting, Large Closets, Ample Storage Including Linen Closets 
Community Amenities:
Easy Access to the Livermore Wine Region, Resort-Inspired Pool, Green Friendly Community, On-Site Emergency Maintenance, Onsite Recycling Program, Lush landscaping, We Love Pets!*, Within Close Proximity to Shopping, Fine Dining, Recreation and Scenic Parks, Community Playground, Easy Access to I-580 and Highway 84, Online Payments Available, Complete Fitness Center, Mature Landscaping and Winding Walkways 
Pet Policy:
We love your pets! Please contact us for more information and details. 
See our property details here:
http://avenue5.aptfeatures.com/yyo900
Equal Housing Opportunity 
fCbcgbYv9jbx

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 12:27
Price: $2080
Latitude: 37.680420
Longitude: -121.791161
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 829
