$2768 / 2br - 958ft2 - Top Floor Corner 2 Bed 2 Bath Ready for Move In! Tour Today! (fremont / union city / newark)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Newark apartments with an unparalleled mix of comfort, luxury and recreation, including a BRAND NEW boho-modern clubhouse, elite fitness center and private garages Situated just minutes from the San Francisco Bay, Sycamore Bay is convenient to the Peninsula via the Dumbarton Bridge or just a short drive to the employment mecca of Silicon Valley.And when you drive through the gates of this Newark apartment community, you'll have access to all the finest amenities. Meet your neighbors at a Super Bowl party in the resident lounge, BBQ some burgers with friends at the picnic area while the youngsters play on the playground or stop by the Wi-Fi bar to grab your email before heading out for a bite to eat just minutes away. Head over to the fitness center for a quick work out before cooling down with a quick dip in the pool. Whatever your fancy, you'll find it here at Sycamore Bay apartments.Built, owned and managed by Shea Apartment Communities, the thoughtfulness and quality workmanship found throughout the property will surely make you feel extraordinary. And once inside the apartments, you'll enjoy maple cabinetry, designer paint, specialty lighting as well as dual-paned windows and Whirlpool appliances.Come experience the best Newark has to offer and see why Shea continues to be recognized as one of the Top Five apartment portfolios in the nation for customer satisfaction based upon resident surveys by SatisFACTS Research, LLC.*Private garages included with every apartment*Resident lounge with top-notch kitchen, bar height dining, entertainment and gaming TV areas and billiards table*State-of-the-art fitness center*Wi-Fi bar with Windows 8 and iMac large screen computers*Pool, spa, playground and BBQ/picnic areas*Maple cabinetry, designer paint and Whirlpool appliances including a w/d in every apartment*Transitioning to 100% smoke-free  Call Now:  show contact info
Interested in more information? Visit link below:http://lease.sheaservice.com/t89270 This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 958 Sq. Ft. Features - Multiple Phone and Cable Lines  - Raised Panel Doors with Brushed Chrome Hardware  - Oval Garden Bathtubs  - Maple Cabinetry  - Huge Private Patio or Balcony  - Nine-foot or Vaulted Ceilings  - Wired for Intrusion Alarm with Optional Monitoring  - Whirlpool Appliances including Gas Range, Microwave Oven and Dishwasher  - Private Garage  - Heat and Air Conditioning  - Dual-paned Windows  - Gas Fireplace  - Refrigerator with Ice Maker  - Amenities may vary by location  - Pet Friendly (Contact Us For More Information)  - Walk-in Closet and Mirrored Wardrobe with Single and Double Poled Organizers  - Two Bedroom, Two Bath Dual Master Floor Plan  - Full-sized Washer/Dryer  - Breakfast Counter and Kitchen Pantry  - Wired for Bedroom Ceiling Fan Community Amenities - Resident Lounge with Gourmet Kitchen, Dining, Billiards, Gaming and Cyber Cafe'  - Fitness Center with Cardio and Weight Training equipment  - Resort-style Pool and Spa  - Controlled Access Gates  - Planned Resident Activities  - Playground  - Resident Services  - Private Enclosed Garages  - BBQ and Picnic Areas  - Smoke-free and Dog Friendly Community  - Car Wash Area Pet Policy Pet friendly. Fees and breed restrictions apply. Please contact us for details. Driving Directions From Intersate 880: Exit Thornton Avenue and head west. Turn left at Sycamore Street. Sycamore Bay is on your right. From Highway 84: From Highway 84 Dumbarton Bridge, use the Paseo and Thornton exit. Veer to the right and follow Thornton Avenue. Turn right at Sycamore Street. Sycamore Bay is on your right. Office Hours Monday - Saturday: 9 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sunday: 11 a.m. - 5 p.m. Sycamore Bay 37171 Sycamore Street, Newark, CA, 94560 The rental rates listed above are based on a 12+ month lease term with immediate move-in. Shorter term leases and longer hold periods are available with a monthly upcharge. Pricing deemed reliable but not guaranteed and can change without notice. CA BL DRE #01382566Equal Housing Opportunity  newark california apartments apartments newark california newark apartments sycamore bay apartments sycamore bay newark zOqDWe7gBrkH

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 10:04
Price: $2768
Latitude: 37.528537
Longitude: -122.035544
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 958
