$960 Room for Rent - 5 min walk to San Leandro BART (san leandro)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Hi there,
We have a room available in our 3-bedroom, 2-bathroom apartment starting Dec 1st. We would rather have a quality roommate, then rush - therefore we would be willing to work with you for a later move in date if you are a good fit... We are looking for a someone in their late twenties - early thirties. No couples or kids.... 1 person only! 1-year lease. The rent is $960 and utilities run around $40 a month. There is a deposit of $333 that needs to be paid before move in. You must have good credit and steady income 😊. 
We are looking for a drama-free, FT employed roommate. We like to keep the common areas (kitchen, bath, and living room) clean and are respectful of each other's space and belongings. You would share a bathroom with one of the roommates. We don't have big parties but love to have friends over for dinner and game nights, and of course binge watching our fav shows. 
We are located on the 1st floor of a 5 plex building in downtown San Leandro. 5 min walk to San Leandro BART, short distance to Safeway, coffee shops, and tons of restaurants. Our complex is safe and quiet, there is laundry onsite with parking on the street. The room is medium size and is furnished, but if you have your own furniture I can have the furniture removed (we have been using it as a guest room). Lastly, no pets unfortunately they're not allowed.
Roommates:
early 30s; works FT from home. I LOVE to cook and spend time with my friends and family. I work out daily and like spending time outdoors. I've been living in the Bay for 10+ years and attended a private university in Oakland for my BA and MBA. I love decorating for the holidays and hosting dinner parties. I'm super easy going and love making new friends and having fun.
mid 20s; Works in Oakland, Loves going out on weekends and weekday evenings, but also will have days needing quite time and being a homebody. Love having friends over for dinner, attends events and shows, very clean and tidy, went to CSUEB for Bachelor's. 
We have a few questions that will help us get to know you. Please send us an email answering the following:
1.	Tell us about yourself 😊
2.	What's your daily routine? (ex. wake up / go to bed)
3.	How often do you clean or how often do you think we should clean the bathroom/house?
4.	What the best means of approach if there is a disagreement? (ex. Straight forward)
We to look forwarded to meeting the perfect new roomie!!

Date Posted: November 04, 2018 at 10:10
Price: $960
Latitude: 37.720500
Longitude: -122.158700
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: NA
