Lamorinda $150.00 Flat Fee Professional Property Management (lafayette / orinda / moraga)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Needed!! Residential and Commercial Properties (EAST Bay) 
Welcome to Professional Property Management, one of the largest 
Property Management Firm in Contra Costa County. 
We take the stress out of property management and give our clients 
a "peace of mind."
At Professional Property Management, we make your experience as a landlord a positive and profitable endeavor where you will have peace of mind knowing that your property is in good hands. We offer a free consultation to apartment-single family and investment property owners to help find additional sources of revenue and savings. Our strategy is to offer a comprehensive analysis of your finances and business plan. We have helped thousands of apartment owners improve their business in areas such as advertising, pricing, contracting for revenue with cable or satellite companies, insurance, laundry revenue, saving money on maintenance, property tax appeals, saving on utilities, filling vacancies faster, and more. It is often the case that you may make more income in working with us even after paying our management fees. 
February Special $150.00 Flat fee full service property management Restrictions Apply
WE NEED HOMES, APARTMENTS, CONDOS,OFFICE SPACE, RETAIL!.
We take pride in being able to provide property management service 
to the Investor that has only one Home or one property, on up to the Investor 
that has an entire Real Estate Portfolio. 
We are a full service management company that specializes in single family
homes, condos and townhouses, apartments and commercial rentals and 
management, in West Contra Costa, East and Central Central Costa, Alameda, 
Marin, Sonoma, Solano and San Francisco Counties, with strategically located offices. 
Professional Property Managementshow contact info

www.ppm4rent.com
CAL BRE #01902148

Date Posted: October 25, 2018 at 19:20
Price: $NA
Latitude: NA
Longitude: NA
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: NA
