$1506 / 2br - 850ft2 - 2 Bdr walking Distance to Bart  Section 42 Income Restriction (concord / pleasant hill / martinez)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Welcome to Sun Ridge Apartments! The Perfect Place to Call Home Look no further for great apartment home living in Concord, CA, because you've found it at Sun Ridge Apartments. Just minutes from dining and entertainment, with easy access to public transportation, shopping and freeways. Sun Ridge Apartments is located in the Mt. Diablo School District. Our apartment homes are guaranteed to make your life comfortable and convenient.??With a large variety of floor plans to choose from, finding the right apartment home to fit your needs has never been easier. Our apartment homes feature air conditioning, some paid utilities, walk-in closets, ceiling fans, carpeted and hardwood floors. All of these amenities are designed to enhance your style of living.Our community also offers laundry facilities for your convenience, parking for your guests, playground for your children and a shimmering swimming pool to relax in after a long day from work. Designed with your comfort in mind, Sun Ridge Apartment homes will fit all your needs here in Concord, CA. Apply at On-Site.com to come on aWaiting List  Call Now:  show contact info
Use this link for more information:http://lease.conam.com/2bkdyk This is a 2 Bedroom, 1.5 Bath, approximately 850 Sq. Ft. Features - Covered Parking  - Fully Equipped Kitchens  - Some Paid Utilities  - Walk-In Closets  - Energy Star Appliances  - Air Conditioning Community Amenities - Kids First Recreation Room  - Easy Access to Freeways (680, 242 & 24)  - Located in Excellent Mt. Diablo School District  - Laundry Facility  - On-call Maintenance  - Recycling Program  - Near Downtown  - Public Transportation Accessible  - On-site Maintenance  - Clubhouse  - Close to Dining and Entertainment  - Swimming Pool  - Playground  - Easy Access to Shopping  - Additional Storage Available Pet Policy Pets not allowed. Income Requirements: Section 42 Tax Credit Income RestrictionsOffice Hours Monday thru Friday 8Am to 5PM Sun Ridge Apartments 1265 Monument Blvd., Concord, CA, 94520Disclaimer: Please be aware of scams on Craigslist. It is our practice never to require someone to complete a credit application or provide personal credit information before touring an apartment home. Rent is based on lease term selected. Please contact office for more details. Prices subject to change.Equal Housing Opportunity 3oDPQI5qJf0

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 10:41
Price: $1506
Latitude: 37.949514
Longitude: -122.048712
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1.5
Sqft: 850
