$2821 / 2br - 991ft2 - Unique Layout! Only One Left! Two Bed with Garage! (dublin / pleasanton / livermore)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
LUXURIOUS BAY AREA LIVING Gain all of the advantages the California coast has to offer without giving up a small-town feel at Avana Dublin Station. Our apartments for rent in Dublin, CA, are nestled conveniently near major transportation hubs and the finest restaurants and shopping the East Bay Area has to offer.Take pride in the attention to detail in our Dublin apartments with gourmet kitchens that feature granite or quartz countertops, stainless steel appliances and upgraded cabinetry. Our apartment homes also feature built-in computer desks, high ceilings and spacious closets that add a touch of style and function to our pet-friendly community.Residents will enjoy our array of luxurious community features including a 24-hour state-of-the-art fitness center, large BBQ grills, beautiful waterfall and more!Avana Dublin Station is perfectly positioned in the city of Dublin and is just under 40 minutes from everything San Francisco has to offer. With San Francisco Bay so close and multiple hiking trails and nature preserves around, outdoor enthusiasts will be in paradise when taking up residence in our Dublin community.Tour our luxurious East Bay Area apartments for rent today and discover a lifestyle that perfectly complements the beautiful atmosphere, climate and culture of Dublin.  Call Now:  show contact info
 x 106OR Text 106 to  show contact info
 to contact a leasing agent.Want more information? Follow this link:http://cl.greystar.com/844w1a This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 991 Sq. Ft. Features - High ceilings  - Washers and dryers  - Built-in computer desks  - Light grey or dark mahogany kitchen cabinetry  - Garages (select homes)  - High-speed Internet available  - Refrigerators  - Spacious closets  - Separate dining rooms  - Storage areas  - Microwaves  - Central air conditioning and heating  - Fantastic views (select homes)  - Gourmet kitchens  - Direct access garages (select homes)  - Pre-wired for multiple phone and data lines  - Short-term lease options available  - Dual sinks in master baths  - Kitchen backsplash (select homes)  - Gas cooking  - Private patios/balconies  - Dishwashers  - Walk-in Closets  - Linen closets Community Amenities - Business center  - Covered parking  - Barbecue and picnic area  - Resort-style pool  - Pet-friendly (see pet policy)  - Gated community  - 24-hour fitness center  - Controlled access  - Waterfall  - Fire pit with lounge seating  - Spa Office Hours Monday - Friday 9am - 6pmSaturday - 10am - 5pmSunday - 12pm-5pm Avana Dublin Station 6233 Dougherty Road, Dublin , CA, 94568Equal Housing Opportunity hgNshEYzZ6v

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 14:01
Price: $2821
Latitude: 37.709888
Longitude: -121.910468
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 991
