$2750 / 1br - Warm European ambiance!  -- out of a Great Gatsby lifestyle (oakland lake merritt / grand)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
APPOINTMENT TO SEE!
Spacious one-plus bedroom apartment, rarely available in newly restored 1929 Tudor building across the street from the grand houses of Cleveland Heights.  Unique floor plan flows featurs a central entry hall with  beautifully refinished floors throughout the oversized apartment. Efficient kitchen with original tile, new appliances and hardwood floor just off an intimate dining room. Windows south and west facing to the large houses  nearby and to the SF Bay.
Surveillance cameras surround the building. 
Completely renovated. 
Enjoy living in the sunbelt of the Bay Area!
***!! Update from the Gatsby era --- no smoking!
Available to be seen at your convenience.
Featuring:
  9' ceilings!
  large south and west facing windows
  formal entrance hall
  separate dining room
  bathroom with original tile
  large windows
  large closets
  bright spacious rooms
  mahogany woodwork
  newly renovated laundry in the building
  walking distance to Grand and Lakeshore Avenues, however - dogs not allowed in building
  -----*Lake Merritt walkway just down from Cleveland Cascade (landscaped outdoor park stairway)
  -----*Saturday Farmer's Market, wonderful!
  -----*Grand Lake Movie Theater
  -----*Trader Joe's
  -----*Arizmendi Pizza
  -----*Boot and Shoe Service Restaurant
  -----*Banks
  -----*Best neighborhood shopping streets
    Casual carpool to SF -- location nearby
    Commute to Walnut Creek and SF and south
    Handy freeway access
    Parking space available to rent
    Quiet building overlooks bustling city
Owner and management believe all material to be correct but assumes no legal responsibility for the accuracy.  Offering subject to prior rental change or withdrawal without notice.

Date Posted: September 29, 2018 at 16:11
Price: $2750
Latitude: 37.807727
Longitude: -122.245957
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
