$1950 Luxury, Location, and Convenience. (hayward / castro valley)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
1 Month Free on our 1x1 apartments on Approved Credit 
Call Now -  show contact info
 x 49
OR Text 49 to  show contact info
 to text our team directly.
This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath 
Bringing you the ultimate living experience in the greater Hayward area, Solis has a one bedroom, one bathroom  available today! Our homes were designed with you in mind and are satiated with elegant interior finishes including in-home laundry*, gourmet kitchens equipped with top of line stainless steel appliances, high end gas stoves, modern cabinetry, stone countertops, wood-inspired flooring, brand new double pane windows, desirable open floor plans, distinctive energy efficient fixtures and many other meticulous finishing touches. In addition to top of the line interiors, Solis also offers ample covered parking, convenient laundry facilities, oversized patios, and a sparkling pool
With just a brief drive to downtown Hayward, shopping, CSU East Bay, and BART and a simple commute to San Jose, The Peninsula, and Oakland, Solis provides the optimal balance between luxury, affordability, and location. We invite you to set up an appointment today with one of our welcoming and highly responsive management team members, committed to providing the lifestyle you deserve. Please excuse our current exterior appearance. We have exciting improvements in the making. Be the first to reap the full benefits of our new look! 
No on-site Leasing Office. Please visit Vivante Apartments at 26609 Gading Road Hayward, CA 94544
Features:
Gas Stove, New Cabinetry, Dishwasher, Stainless Appliances, Mirrored Wardrobe Doors, 2" Wood Inspired Window Blinds, Newly Remodeled Apartment Homes, Microwave, Modern Single Panel Doors, Wood-Inspired Flooring, Ceiling Fan, Private Patio/Balcony, Washer and Dryer* In Select Apartments, Bar Top Gathering, Brushed Nickel Finishes, Quartz Countertops 
*In Select Homes
Community Amenities:
Great Location, Covered Parking, Clothes Care Center, Refreshing Pool, Near Shopping and Dining 
Pet Policy:
Yes we are pet friendly.
our pet policy is a 500.00 deposit and a 50.00 monthly fee 
Follow This Link for More Information:
http://leasing.amcllc.net/793e46
Prices are subject to change, based on availability and qualification of the applicant, additional fees may apply.
AMC-CA, Inc. dba Apartment Management Consultants-BRE #01449928 
Equal Housing Opportunity 
UL1XjBpWca

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 18:07
Price: $1950
Latitude: 37.650477
Longitude: -122.078710
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: NA
