$3050 / 1br - SouthGate Apts, Roof Deck w/ expansive views, Newly Constructed! (berkeley)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Please 
be advised that unauthorized Craigslist ads exist posing as The Lapham 
Company. If you have any concerns about the
  legitimacy of our ads please contact us immediately at  show contact info
.
Photos are of a representative apartment in the building. The 
currently available unit may differ from the unit pictured 
above.
*Now Renting!  Tours start Promptly at  
time posted so please make sure to be on time. *2526 Durant Avenue, 
apartment, Berkeley, $3050
For an Appointment 
to View, please contact: Julie mobile:  show contact info
 or Merhawi  mobile: 
 show contact info
 or Tony mobile:  show contact info

Key 
Features:1 bed 1 
bathParking:NoneLease Duration:Year 
LeaseDeposit: $1525Pets Policy: Dogs and Cats Not 
AllowedLaundry: In BuildingUnit 
Description:
Now Renting!  Open House Tour start Promptly 
at time posted, so please make sure to be on time. 

Next Tour: Tuesday at 2pm

Choices

The newly constructed SouthGate has Studios, 1 bedroom, and 2 bedroom 
units to choose from. The second floor units enjoy private patios and 5th 
floor units boast cathedral ceilings and expansive views.

The SouthGate Apartments have been built to the highest level of quality 
and security.

Units include

Basic Cable and Internet via Comcast
	Granite counters and maple cabinets
	Dishwashers
	Sound resistant windows
Common Areas

Roof Deck with expansive views, BBQ, and dining areas.
	Laundry Room
	Secured Bike Storage Area
	Study Hall with Garden Outlook
For more information and to apply,
contact the property manager at:
Lapham Companyshow contact info


44 Units:

8x 2-bedroom Units
	36x 1-Bedroom and Junior 1-Bedroom Units
Location Description:
City of Berkeley
	Alameda County
	1 Block South of CAL Campus
	On Durant Between Telegraph and Bowditch
	Perfect location!
	Walk to Telegraph Ave. shops and restuarants
	Walk to UCB Campus, 3 blocks away
	Good access to major highways 13, 580, 80, and 24
	Minutes to San Francisco, Berkeley, Hayward, Walnut Creek, and San 
Leandro Approximately 1.2 Miles to Downtown Berkeley BART
	Bus stops for AC Transit nearby on Telegraph Ave.
Contact info: Julie mobile:  show contact info
 or 
Merhawi  mobile:  show contact info
 or Tony mobile:  show contact info
 Or Contact 
Lapham Office at  show contact info
 Office Hours are 9-5pm Closed for Lunch 
12-1pmFor applications or to view more listings, please visit our 
website by copying and pasting this link into your browsers address bar   
http://www.laphamcompany.com
BRE# 00931216 Copyright © 2018, 
The Lapham Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.The Lapham Company, Inc. 
believes all material to be correct but assumes no legal responsibilityfor 
the accuracy. All units subject to prior rental, change or withdrawal without 
notice.

Date Posted: September 24, 2018 at 11:17
Price: $3050
Latitude: 37.867784
Longitude: -122.257769
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
