$3750 / 1br - Extendedstay America Hotels Alameda Marina - Monthly Rate $3750.00 (alameda)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Furnished Studio - Great Monthly Rates!Take advantage of our special discounted rate! All utilities are included! show contact info
Looking for a place to call home for a month or longer? We have everything you need without the hassles of traditional apartments, all at a great rate. Each room comes with a fully equipped kitchen and plenty of workspace. And unlike apartments, cable and Wi-Fi are already hooked up and free! With no leases and no credit checks, we are move-in ready. So just bring yourself - and your furry family member - and feel right at home.Property AmenitiesAll Rooms Non-Smoking
Pet-Friendly Rooms Available
Weekly Housekeeping Included
Free Grab-and-Go Breakfast
On-Site Guest Laundry
Fitness Center
Free Off-Street Parking
In-Room AmenitiesFully Equipped Kitchens
Full-Size Refrigerator
Electric Range
Microwave
Free In-Room Wi-Fi
Flat Screen TVs
Free Cable with Premium Channels
Iron & Ironing Board
Free Local Calls & Voicemail
Electrical stove top 
Staying less than 1 month?  We also have great nightly and weekly rates.  Call for details.Booking conditions apply. Advertised rate is for a 30-night stay, and will vary by room type and stay dates. Rates and availability subject to change. Rate not inclusive of taxes or fees. Actual room may vary from those shown.Pet Policy: A $25 (+ tax) per day, per pet non-refundable cleaning fee for the first month (not to exceed $150 + tax per pet), payable the first night of your stay. Each month thereafter is a $10 non-refundable fee (+tax) per day for the first 5 days of each month (not to exceed $50 + tax per month, per pet). Weight, size, and breed restrictions may apply.This site may contain errors, inaccuracies, omissions or incomplete data (including without limitation mistaken hotel rates or availability). Extended Stay America reserves the right to revoke any stated offer and to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions including after a reservation order has been submitted and whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged.Extended Stay America, 1350 Marina Village Pkwy Alameda, CA 94501

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 07:41
Price: $3750
Latitude: 37.787831
Longitude: -122.275955
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
