$2378 / 2br - 1075ft2 - $99 dep special OAC & waived app fee (48hrs)! Upgraded 2 bed Call now! (dublin / pleasanton / livermore)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 x 129
OR Text 129 to  show contact info
 to text a leasing agent.
This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1075 Sq. Ft. 
Avana Pleasanton is the perfect retreat from a long day - and the perfect place from which to start your next adventure. Choose from our one or two-bedroom floor plans, where each bedroom is a complete master suite that includes the smallest designer touches such as a private bath, and oversized patios or balconies. Spend your free time as you desire, whether relaxing in a pool, spa or sauna, perfecting your serve at one of our two tennis courts or grilling in our BBQ areas. And of course, the shopping and dining in charming downtown Pleasanton are always at the ready. It's all here for you. 
Features:
Spacious one and two-bedroom floor plans offer king-sized bedrooms with dual master suites, Fully-equipped kitchens featuring stainless steel appliances*, granite-style countertops*, white paneled cabinetry and pantry-style storage, Tiled entryways, Greenhouse windows and soaring ceilings with skylights for an open, natural feel*, Oversized closets with mirrored doors, Large private patios or balconies, Ceiling fans 
*Select residences
Community Amenities:
Fully-equipped laundry care center, Covered parking available, Two tennis courts, Refreshing outdoor pool with sun deck, spa and covered seating areas, Situated within an award-winning school district, Spanish-style exteriors featuring mature trees and beautiful landscaping, Resident clubhouse featuring fireplace and TV lounge, billiards, and oversized windows overlooking the pool area, BBQ and picnic areas 
Pet Policy:
Breed Restrictions 
Need more information? Copy this link:
http://cl.greystar.com/db067v
Equal Housing Opportunity 
qCef5YYJ

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 12:33
Price: $2378
Latitude: 37.676530
Longitude: -121.875230
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1075
