$3122 / 2br - 1077ft2 - Two Bed Available with Attached Garage & Large Patio! Apply Now! (dublin / pleasanton / livermore)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 x 145OR Text 145 to  show contact info
 to text our team directly. This is a 1 Bedroom, 2.5 Bath, approximately 1077 Sq. Ft.  Gain all of the advantages the California coast has to offer without giving up a small-town feel at Avana Dublin Station. Our apartments for rent in Dublin, CA, are nestled conveniently near major transportation hubs and the finest restaurants and shopping the East Bay Area has to offer.Take pride in the attention to detail in our Dublin apartments with gourmet kitchens that feature granite or quartz countertops, stainless steel appliances and upgraded cabinetry. Our apartment homes also feature built-in computer desks, high ceilings and spacious closets that add a touch of style and function to our pet-friendly community.Residents will enjoy our array of luxurious community features including a 24-hour state-of-the-art fitness center, large BBQ grills, beautiful waterfall and more!Avana Dublin Station is perfectly positioned in the city of Dublin and is just under 40 minutes from everything San Francisco has to offer. With San Francisco Bay so close and multiple hiking trails and nature preserves around, outdoor enthusiasts will be in paradise when taking up residence in our Dublin community.Tour our luxurious East Bay Area apartments for rent today and discover a lifestyle that perfectly complements the beautiful atmosphere, climate and culture of Dublin.  Features: Linen closets, Dual sinks in master baths, Garages (select homes), Dishwashers, Private patios/balconies, Spacious closets, Short-term lease options available, High ceilings, Separate dining rooms, Refrigerators, Storage areas, Kitchen backsplash (select homes), High-speed Internet available, Gas cooking, Microwaves, Gourmet kitchens, Walk-in Closets, Pre-wired for multiple phone and data lines, Fantastic views (select homes), Central air conditioning and heating, Direct access garages (select homes), Built-in computer desks, Washers and dryers, Light grey or dark mahogany kitchen cabinetry  Community Amenities: Barbecue and picnic area, Resort-style pool, Waterfall, Gated community, Pet-friendly (see pet policy), Fire pit with lounge seating, 24-hour fitness center, Covered parking, Controlled access, Business center, Spa Interested In This Unit? Use this link for more details:http://cl.greystar.com/t37971Equal Housing Opportunity Hn2iSMA1

Date Posted: November 04, 2018 at 15:38
Price: $3122
Latitude: 37.709888
Longitude: -121.910468
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1077
