$2183 / 2br - Beautiful 2BR Apartment - $1200 Off Move in Special (oakland east)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
2701 High st, Oakland, CAStunning unit in a Great Location!

Open HouseOn call showings. Please contact us with any questions, date inquiries or to schedule an appointment to come see the unit! P:  show contact info
E:  show contact info


DescriptionThis renovated apartment complex has a fully remodeled interior suitable for all lifestyles. This location, located in the Allendale neighborhood, has ample access to public transportation and near the Courtland Creek Park. Choose from one of our luxurious one or two bedroom floor plans. Each apartment has wood-style flooring throughout the apartment and a remodeled kitchen equipped with many amenities. The kitchen has stainless steel appliances, beautiful countertops and a dishwasher. This is a pet friendly community, welcoming both cats and dogs.
Community AmenitiesOff Street Parking
Laundry Facilities
Controlled Access/Gated
On-Site Management
Garage
Public Transportation
Apartment AmenitiesCable Ready
Beautiful Flooring
Refrigerator
Pet PolicyPets Allowed.  Breed restrictions apply. Rent will increase by $50.00 per month per pet.
Additional LinksWebsite: http://www.bestbayapts.com 

Rental RequirementsTotal household income is greater than or equal to 3x the monthly rent and 2.5x the monthly net income after debt payments removed. Proof of income can include: pay stubs, offer letter, or bank statements
No prior evictions
Clean rental history
All tenants must purchase Renter's Insurance and provide us with a copy of the policy upon lease signing.
Clean criminal record
1 year lease and 1 month security deposit
Additional Information*Rental price noted in ad includes a $15 monthly discount for enrollment in automatic payment program. This discount is available as long as tenants are actively enrolled in the automatic payment option. Monthly rent will be $15 higher than the advertised price should resident not participate in automatic payments program.*The posted rent price does not include parking, which is available at this unit for an additional charge.*Photos are a representation of the unit and may not be entirely the same as the actual unit.*Start your Application process Online now at  www.bestbayapts.com.

Office HoursMonday thru Friday09:00 AM-06:00 PMContact Info2744 E 11th StreetOakland, CA 94601P:  show contact info
E:  show contact info


Equal OpportunityFederal law prohibits housing discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, familial status, or disability.

Date Posted: October 23, 2018 at 21:57
Price: $2183
Latitude: 37.782728
Longitude: -122.203378
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
