$4115 / 2br - 1038ft2 - Amazing 2 Bedroom 2 Bath!  Luxury At Its Finest! (oakland downtown)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1038 Sq. Ft. 
Stunning Studio, 1, & 2 Bedroom Oakland, California Apartments
Maxwell offers a variety of modern studio, one, and two bedroom apartments in the heart of Uptown Oakland. These spacious apartments deliver a cultured and comfortable living experience minutes from the 19th Street BART station, the Fox Theater, the Paramount Theater, and the Hive.
Every apartment includes a long list of upscale amenities, including a modern, European kitchen with high-gloss cabinetry and stainless steel appliances, wood-grain flooring, walk-in closets, NEST Thermostats, and modern bathroom with a floating vanity. For those who want an airy home and exclusive downtown city views, choose a top-level apartment to be amazed by our views.
The spa-like feel of Maxwell continues with outstanding community amenities. The property includes a social courtyard with seating and BBQ Grills, a private pet deck, a community lounge and bicycle work station, and enjoy free Wi-Fi throughout all amenities. The fully equipped fitness center rivals any gym, with commercial-grade cardio machines, strength training equipment, and yoga equipment. Enjoy some of the most lavish apartments, Oakland, California has to offer.
Be one of the first to enjoy exquisite modern living in the heart of Oakland. Check out the floor plans above, and then give us a call. 
Features:
Air conditioning and heating in every-home, Spacious walk-in closets*, Fiber-optic enabled homes providing fastest Internet connection in Oakland, Caesar stone styled counters with tile backsplash, under-mount stainless steel sink, and pendant lighting, Upgraded plumbing fixtures, In-home Washer & Dryer, Oakland and San Francisco skyline views*, Floating bathroom vanities with under mounted sink, Smart home enhancements including Nest Thermostat® and USB charging port, Private patio or balcony, Upgraded Berber carpeted bedrooms, Wood grain-style flooring throughout living space, Whirlpool stainless steel and energy-efficient appliances, Euro-style, high-gloss kitchen cabinetry offered in two designer color schemes with slow-close drawers, Modern roller shade window coverings, Wood grain-style flooring throughout living space, Expansive floor-to-ceiling windows, Soaking tub 
*In Select Homes
Community Amenities:
Restaurant table reservations, Accent walls options, Doorstep trash pickup, Easy access to Interstate 980, 880, 580 and 80., Private pet patio with pet waste station, 100% Smoke-free community, Resident social lounge, Nearby fine dining, concert venues, and social lounges., Access-controlled community, Outdoor patio with BBQ grill and seating, 24/7 Package lockers, Pet-friendly with no weight limits, Submit work orders, State of the art fitness center, Planned resident networking events, 96 Walk Score, Dry cleaning scheduling, Housekeeping scheduling, On-line rent payments, Furniture rental available*, Communicate with on-site management, Game room, Walking distance to 19th street BART station, Bike maintenance work station and storage 
Pet Policy:
We welcome pets one year or older of all shapes and sizes with no weight limit. $500 deposit is required per pet and $35 monthly pet rent per pet. Breed restrictions do apply. Two pets maximum per home.
*Breed Restrictions:(or any hybrid or mixed breed) Akita, American Bull Dog, Boxer, Cane Corsos,, Chowchows, Dobermans, Dalmatian, German Shepherds, Great Danes, Huskies, Karelian Bear Dog, Malamutes, Mastiff, Pit Bulls, Presa Canario, Rottweilers, St. Bernard, Staffordshire Terriers, any Wolf Hybrid. Poisonous Animals: Piranhas or Tarantulas.
Exotic Animals: Birds (Cockatiels, Parrots & Macaws), Ferrets, Raccoon's, Reptiles (Snakes and Iguanas), Rabbits, Squirrels, and Skunks. 
Interested In This Unit? Use this link for more details:
http://live.fpimgt.com/584ivi
Equal Housing Opportunity 
BYaKcIquu50I

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 18:04
Price: $4115
Latitude: 37.808258
Longitude: -122.273315
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1038
