$2400 / 1br - 1100ft2 - House for rent Trestle Glen Oakland (oakland lake merritt / grand)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Please read all before responding
Description
What is offered is a charming partially furnished (Not the bedroom being rented) 1920's house in one of the most beautiful parts of Oakland. The house is smallish and a little vintage but has LR with fireplace, DR, huge terraced back yard and patio area. There is one bath that I recently renovated and the bedroom available is large and has an extra space that could be a walk-in closet or an office. It's a really lovely warm place with wood floors throughout the house in a beautiful neighborhood that is walking distance to Lakeshore area. Small dog ok. This is a share housing situation. I commute back and forth from LA to Oakland for work. My schedule is random but most of the time I live in LA. I'm usually there one to two weeks at a time with around 3 to 8 weeks between each stay there. I keep a room in the house and storage for my projects in the garage and basement. 
Amenities
1. large bedroom with separate extra small room
2. A furnished living room with fireplace, dining room and kitchen.
3. Washer/dryer, dishwasher, vintage stove, in line water heater.
4. Good street parking, no street cleaning days
5. large terraced back yard and patio.
6. A really nice owner who takes pride in the place.
7. All utilities, and WIFI included
8. Very Quiet
9. Central Heat
House Backstory
The House belonged to the mother of the current owner who is a total gentleman. In 2009 while working as a carpenter I met the owner and he asked me to do some repairs. The house was empty for a few years prior. We made and agreement that I would move into the house and begin rehabbing it to get it rentable again. I've done allot of structural foundation work and interior renovations including a new bathroom. There is still more work to be done on the property and that would be part of the living arrangement. However, its usually one larger project each year and it gets done in a timely manner and not to disruptive.
About me;
I'm 53 and work as an artist that does large public projects. I consider myself a decent reasonable person to live with and believe in good open communication. I'm a bit of an introvert and a night owl. 
What I'm looking for is an employed, responsible, considerate person who is OK with a roommate coming and going or any work projects we might do at the house. As well the owner still likes to do the landscaping on the place and feels a strong connection with it. I like to keep the place pretty clean and generally organized.

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 15:34
Price: $2400
Latitude: 37.807027
Longitude: -122.232679
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 1100
