$3900 / 2br - 2000ft2 - Bright, Charming, Top Floor Plus Huge Finished Attic! (oakland piedmont / montclair)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        

This lovely apartment has beautiful architectural details and gleaming hardwood floors throughout. Front door opens on wide stairs that lead to a sizable entryway perfect for a hall tree bench with storage.
Through the open archway, the living room has a decorative fireplace and two sets of French doors that open out onto proclamation balconies. The large formal dining room connects through another graceful arch.
The eat-in kitchen retains vintage details and offers plenty of work space and storage.
Just outside the kitchen a full bath with soft lavender walls and a walk-in shower. Directly across the hall, the first bedroom has large windows, a full closet, and hardwood floors.
The master bedroom is large and features a sun porch like alcove and 2 closets, one, a walk-in inside the rounded central turret of the building has its own window.
The second full bath is spacious with a separate walk-in shower and full size deep soak tub.
Upstairs, the fully finished attic is wrapped in warm wood and perfectly conceals the washer and dryer. This enormous flexible space has many possibilities, home office, yoga retreat, or play space, or perhaps all three.
Additional storage is available in the shared garage, and there is plenty of street parking. Walking distance to restaurants and longtime neighborhood favorite, Rocky's Market. Only 2 blocks from Park Blvd, with the Casual Carpool and Express Bus to SF. 
Well behaved pets will be considered and if accepted will increase security deposit.
Landlord pays for Garbage. Tenant responsible for all other utilities.
Available November 9th.
Showing by appointment only.
Please call or email to take a look, and make sure to give us some information about you!
====
Servane Valentin  show contact info
 
BRE: #01999256 show contact info
 
AndreaRentals: A Rental Concierge for Bay Area Owners and Renters 
www.andrearentals.com

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 19:20
Price: $3900
Latitude: 37.810813
Longitude: -122.212792
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 2000
