$1695 / 1br - Cute Cozy One Bedroom Apartment (berkeley)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
This cute one bedroom apartment is nestled towards the back of my property (about 100 ft from the street), on the bottom floor, below my unit. There is also another duplex on the property, towards the front. The unit is cozy, with brand new bamboo flooring in the bedroom and living room! The kitchen and bathroom have tiled floors, and the kitchen has a small built in eating area. (A few of the photos are from before the carpeting was removed and replaced with bamboo. They were included just to let you see the space with some furniture)
There is a coin operated washer and dryer on the property ($2 per wash and 50 cents per 45 min. dry), just outside the door to the unit, and a large yard with garden beds which, along with the laundry room, are conditionally available for tenant use. 
We live in an area that is very close to all sorts of great amenities:
The Berkeley Bowl is about 5 blocks away, and it is by far the best grocery store you'll ever go to, in my opinion!
The South Branch Library and Thai Temple Sunday Brunch are about 3 blocks away
Ashby bart is about 4 blocks away.
Grove park, which has a large grassy field (great for working out) and new basketball and tennis courts, is a little over one block away.
The apartment is available now. 
The rent is $1695/month. 
First month's rent and a $2500 security deposit are required for move in. 
No pets and no smoking are allowed. 
Landlord pays water, garbage and natural gas. 
Tenant covers electricity, TV, phone and internet. 
If you are interested please send me an email telling me a little about yourself, and feel free to ask any questions you may have! If you would like to see the apartment I will be showing the place this Tuesday and Thursday. If you want to make an appointment to see the apartment on one of those days, please leave your name and phone number and when you might be available to visit. 
When you come, please bring a copy of your credit report with you, and have reference and employment information, in case you want to fill out an application.

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 21:50
Price: $1695
Latitude: 37.855389
Longitude: -122.275376
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
