$3095 / 2br - 950ft2 - Amazing & Renovated 2B w/ Nice Private Yard + 1-MONTH RENT FREE! (alameda)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Enjoy and experience the relaxing atmosphere of living in one of the Bay Area's Finest Communities!  Whether you are relaxing on your private patio or walking, jogging, or rollerblading on the beautiful Shoreline trail, you'll enjoy the panoramic views and spectacular sunsets at Shoreline Apartments.

This amazing apartment home is nicely located on the ground floor unit with nice private yard. This home features upgraded kitchen cabinetry with white appliances, and bamboo wood floor all through out the unit.  We added elegant details like crown molding, baseboard and fixtures all throughout the unit..  It has a walk-through closet in the master bedroom, double sinks in the spacious bathroom and a balcony.  Our community is just 3 blocks to the Alameda Shopping Centre, major banks, fine-dining restaurants and short walk to  Middle School.  Enjoy all the convenience in life by living in one of the Bay Area's finest communities!  
Apartment is available to move in today!
*** Don't Miss Our Remodeling BONUS of 1-Month Rent FREE! Call Us Now! ***


RENTAL INFORMATION 
Monthly Rent - $3,095.00 Lease Terms - 12-month leaseDeposit - $700.00 (for qualified applicants) Application Fee - $35.00 Location - 1801 Shoreline Drive, Alameda, CA 94501 Parking - 1 assigned Utilities - None included Telephone -  show contact info


  Sorry, NO Section 8! 







RENTAL FEATURES
  Dedicated dining area
Fully Renovated kitchen cabinet
White Appliances - Stove, Microwave, Refrigerator, and Dishwasher
Bamboo wood floors
Spacious living room with tons of sunlight
Lots of closet space
Upgraded fixture
Walk-thru closet
Easy access to the laundry
Double kitchen sinks one with garbage disposal unit
Renovated bathroom with his and hers bathroom sinks
Ground floor unit with private yard.
Heaters in the living room, bedrooms, and bath room
Cable-ready


High-speed internet
  
                                      
                                    
                                  




COMMUNITY FEATURES
Fitness center
Laundry on-site
Playground


Swimming pools
Assigned parking
Gated community
On site attentive, and professional Management Staff
Few minutes walk to Wood Middle School
Short walk to Alameda Shopping Center, Post Office, Banks, Parks, and Restaurants
Easy access to Bart, Highway 880, S. F. Bay Ferry, and only minutes to Oakland Airport
 
                                     
                                    
                                  



PET POLICY


Cats and Dogs (breed and weight restrictions) are welcome with Additional Deposit per pet (maximum of 2) and monthly pet rent per pet. 


    


OFFICE HOURS
Monday to Friday  - 11:00 am to 6:00 pm Saturday and Sunday - 11:00 am to 6:00 pm Call now to schedule a tour to view our Actual Unit.  Apartment is ready for showing and move in TODAY!. Nice and Spacious apartment home just for you!!! Call us Now!!

Please visit our website at http://emeraldliving.net

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 17:37
Price: $3095
Latitude: 37.758922
Longitude: -122.263314
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 950
