$3100 / 1br - 700ft2 - BEAUTIFUL 1b/1bth in an incredible location for all (berkeley)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
For rent is a beautiful 1BR/1 BA 700 sq. ft. apartment on the top floor of a 3 unit building. This unit is the entire top floor, is bright, spacious, and located on a prime Berkeley street. Just blocks away from UC Berkeley, and a few doors away from Willard Park, this home is close to everything Elmwood and Berkeley offer (shops, grocery, restaurants all walking distance). This unit just underwent a complete remodel that is full of designer finishes. 
The kitchen has all brand- new appliances, dishwasher, disposal, dual-fridge/freezers, and a gas stove. There's plenty of cabinet storage, plus a walk-in pantry for everything else. 
 Marble counters and hardwood floors throughout the entire apartment make this unit absolutely charming. 
The bathroom was re-done with all period correct finishes,  clawfoot tub/shower combo, plus lots of storage. The bedroom is large with plenty of space for a king bed, and has a great sized jr. walk-in closet. There is a large living room with a cozy little office/reading nook area. 
Most everything else was replaced, with all new windows, lighting, electrical, and plumbing.  The heating is a central gas heater, and there is free laundry on-site. There is also a sunny backyard shared with the other tenants, but is there for your enjoyment.  Parking is possible, but may require an additional fee. Most pets are welcome, but are $50/month extra and require an extra $1000 deposit. Max 2 people for this unit. Please note this is on the 3rd story so must be ok with stairs. Perfect for young couples or singles. Students are welcome, and may require a cosigner is all. Utilities $75 per month (water, garbage, landscaping). Tenant pays all else. One year lease preferred but negotiable. Private showings are available upon request.

Date Posted: November 04, 2018 at 20:02
Price: $3100
Latitude: 37.862347
Longitude: -122.255947
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 700
