$2395 / 2br - 850ft2 - Albany Schools, Minutes from UC (albany / el cerrito) (albany / el cerrito)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Available Now
This property is situated just south of central Albany in a quiet, convenient neighborhood just minutes from downtown Albany, public transportation, major freeways and many conveniences. This six apartment building offers larger 2 bedrooms units featuring an open living space and 1-1/4 bathrooms.  All available units offer modern, updated features.  Rent includes water and garbage. Read on for the details!

Neighborhood
 
Very walkable community   
  Great commute location with easy access to public transportation (BART, bus), highways 80 and 580.
  Fantastic Albany schools -- Elementary schools rated amongst the best in the Bay Area.  An awesome Middle School and great high school.
  Convenient to UC Berkeley campus and less than 1 mile from UC Village
  Minutes away from shopping including El Cerrito Plaza, Albany's shopping district, and Berkeley's Fourth Street.
   Convenient access to Trader Joes, Whole Foods, Costco, Target, Monterey Market, Sprouts, Starbucks
Comfortable Living
  Spacious, open living space on second floor
  Vertical blind window treatments
  Kitchen with electric stove, dishwasher, and refrigerator included!
  Granite countertops with modern, updated  lighting.
  Stainless steel sink with powerful garbage disposal
  Dining area with huge living space
Bedrooms 
     Both bedrooms have a large window
     First bedroom with walk-in closet and convenience vanity
     Second bedroom with mirrored wardrobe doors
Bath
     Remodeled bath with travertine tile
     Granite countertops
     Bathtub / shower with clear glass enclosure and cultured marble surrounds
     Super quiet fan and bright lighting
     Convenience of a sink in the larger bedroom
  
Amenities 
  Underground parking space 
    
    Convenient on premises coin laundry
    
    Dual pane windows with enhanced energy and comfort features
    Rent includes water and garbage
BriefLocation
      1035 Kains Avenue @ Marin Ave
      Apt #2
      Albany, CA 94706

850 sq feet
$2395/month
$4000 depositRenter Requirements
No smokers/pets
No Section 8

  
Call  show contact info
  for a viewing appointmentNote: Pictures are generally representative of the units at 1035 Kains and may not be an exact image of the unit available for rent.

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 22:32
Price: $2395
Latitude: 37.886201
Longitude: -122.296436
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 850
