$2000 / 250ft2 - Studio Loft on Urban Farm (Furnished) (berkeley)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
AVAILABLE: Dec 1st (or a few days before)
STUDIO LOFT: This is a tiny but cute studio on 3 levels. One enters on the ground floor, takes a staircase up, opens into a wide hall with breakfast nook, then through a door into the living room / kitchen, then up an antique ladder to reach the sleeping loft. It has wood floors and faces into the front garden of our urban farm. There is a nice big window with Eastern exposure and great morning light. Its compact full bathroom has a new standing shower and a tile floor. The compact kitchen is on the north wall of the studio with a small sink, 20" gas stove, and under-the-counter fridge--all quite new. There is an eating table with two chairs in the wide hall's breakfast nook. A standing wardrobe provides ample space for one or can work fine for two. The living space features a small foldout couch for guests (note: dominates the room when open) as well as an Ottoman. Zero-VOC paint throughout.
HOUSE: The Fossel Farmhouse is an Edwardian style 2 level house, built in 1911, organically rustic and resounding with charm. The house in total includes two 3BR apartments and 2 single room studios, of which this is one. It was renovated 15 years ago, with continuing improvements ever since, many of them handcrafted by your hosts. The exterior of the house is newly repainted with fresh colors. Shared brand new laundry machines are at the back of the house in a greenhouse-style laundry shed. The foundation is bolted and sheer-walled--very earthquake safe.
LOCATION: Right in the heart of the great little neighborhood of lower Shattuck Avenue just south of downtown Berkeley (where Shattuck goes down to 2 lanes), this house is 3 blocks to Ashby BART train station, and has a #18 bus stop right outside that takes you to either downtown Berkeley or Downtown Oakland. We are a 15-25 minute walk or 5-10 minute bike ride to the businesses and nightlife of all of the following: Downtown Berkeley, the Elmwood, Temescal, as well as CAL (UC Berkeley). 5 minutes to 24/580/880 freeway on-ramp. Walk score of 89. Great location!
NEIGHBORHOOD: The house is surrounded within a few blocks by local cafes (Nomad, Renaissance, Jumpin' Java), restaurants (Cafe La Pena, Smokey J's BBQ, Flaco's Taco's, etc), small loft developments, and a friendly neighborhood Irish pub (Starry Plough). Foodie favorites like Crixa Cakes, Sweet Adeline's Bakery, Emilia's Pizzeria, Easy Cajun, and Alchemy Collective are easy walking distance. Both Whole Foods and Berkeley Bowl, widely regarded as the best community market in the East Bay, are five blocks away. The neighborhood continues to develop rapidly with new restaurants and amenities opening all the time.
PARKING: The location offers plenty of long-term parking that's good for a week or more if you pay attention to the signs and avoid monthly or bimonthly street cleaning. Parking is 2 hours in front of the house, but only during the hours of 8am-6pm each day, so works easily for overnight parking. There is also a neighborhood permit that turns 2HR into longterm for $55/year.
PROPERTY: Our Edwardian farmhouse sits on a large fully-fenced double lot with a generous front yard, huge backyard, and two side yards. The property offers very nice indoor/outdoor living. There are two outdoor eating tables w chairs, three shade umbrellas, teak lounge chairs, a copper firepit on brick hearth, outdoor hanging lights, lots of potted plants (succulents, aloe, orchids, bougainvillea etc), handcrafted red brick pizza oven with grill (half complete), art studio/shed, and kids area (sandbox, puppet theater, toys, scooters, trike, soccer goal etc). 
THE GARDENS: Our vegetable and flower gardens which are mostly in the side and backyards consist of 20+ raised beds (always changing but some usual food plant suspects: chard, kale, mixed greens, arugula, potatoes, tomatoes, basil, strawberries, beets, beans, edamame, rhubarb, onions etc). We have 5 chickens on the north side of the house, our Angora rabbit "bun bun", and keep two low-risk honeybee hives on top of our art studio. Currently the front yard features morning glory vines, a lemon tree, Neroli orange tree, false bamboo, roses, potato vine, as well as an expanding herb garden and a sitting area for two with brick hearth. Lastly, there are four raised beds on the sidewalk with succulents and California poppies, as well as a peach and a walnut tree.
TERMS: Studio loft is available Jan 1st (or a little before). Rent is $2000. Deposit is $2000. We pay high speed internet, water, gas, electric, trash--you pay only rent. Fully furnished. Lease is negotiable, but ideal is through May 31st 2019. Month to month possible.

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 10:46
Price: $2000
Latitude: 37.851845
Longitude: -122.266267
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 250
