$1550 / 2br - Bedroom Available in Sunny 2BR with Bay Views! (berkeley)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Hi there!
We are seeking someone to take over the remainder of our lease in a beautiful and sunny two bedroom apartment in North Berkeley. The lease extends until April 1, 2019 with an option to renew. We (my partner and I) are looking to move in mid-December, and are somewhat negotiable on move-out date.
About the Place: 
Due to its location, the apartment is ideal for graduate students at UC Berkeley. It is located one block north and one block west of the edge of campus at the beginning of the Berkeley hills. We have stunning views of the bay, Golden Gate and Bay Bridges, Alcatraz, and beautiful sunsets every day. The living room, dining room, and bedrooms have new hardwood floors installed, with radiant heat throughout. 
There is a private balcony, and access to a shared pool and rooftop deck. The apartment also comes with its own parking spot. At the moment, our roommate does not have a car, so the spot is open. 
The bedroom is pictured below (NOTE: these are pictures taken before the installation of hardwood in the bedroom). It is the smaller of the two bedrooms, but has a spacious closet and a separate bathroom.
Rent is $1,550/month, water and garbage is included in rent. Electricity is usually within $100/month. 
About Your Roommate: 
Your new roomie would be a graduate student at Berkeley in the mathematics department. He is social but totally respectful of other people's space and needs. He likes to host department events and gatherings, and has always given us notice (and invitations!) regarding parties/dinners that he hosts. Open to social gatherings and houseguests. 
About You: 
Please tell us a few things about yourself, about what you do (work and hobbies?), living preferences (are you quiet? do you invite people over? how clean do you like to keep your space?), and maybe even a fun fact about yourself...(what are your secret talents? what is something unusual about yourself?)
Thanks so much!

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 10:34
Price: $1550
Latitude: 37.876627
Longitude: -122.255738
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: NA
