$1698 Spacious Newly Renovated Studio Ready for an Immediate Move-in (hayward / castro valley)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
 1 Month Free on our studio apartments on Approved Credit Solis Garden Apartments in Hayward, CA Bringing you the ultimate living experience in the greater Hayward area, Solis has a three bedroom, two bathroom house available today! Our homes were designed with you in mind and are satiated with elegant interior finishes including in-home laundry*, gourmet kitchens equipped with top of line stainless steel appliances, high end gas stoves, modern cabinetry, stone countertops, wood-inspired flooring, brand new double pane windows, desirable open floor plans, distinctive energy efficient fixtures and many other meticulous finishing touches. In addition to top of the line interiors, Solis also offers ample covered parking, convenient laundry facilities, oversized patios, and a sparkling poolWith just a brief drive to downtown Hayward, shopping, CSU East Bay, and BART and a simple commute to San Jose, The Peninsula, and Oakland, Solis provides the optimal balance between luxury, affordability, and location. We invite you to set up an appointment today with one of our welcoming and highly responsive management team members, committed to providing the lifestyle you deserve. Please excuse our current exterior appearance. We have exciting improvements in the making. Be the first to reap the full benefits of our new look! No on-site Leasing Office. Please visit Vivante Apartments at 26609 Gading Road Hayward, CA 94544 Call Now:  show contact info
 x 53OR Text 53 to  show contact info
 to text our leasing team.Full Color Brochure Here:http://leasing.amcllc.net/3b852d This is a Studio, 1 Bath Features - Microwave  - New Cabinetry  - Wood-Inspired Flooring  - Brushed Nickel Finishes  - Private Patio/Balcony  - Newly Remodeled Apartment Homes  - Bar Top Gathering  - Modern Single Panel Doors  - Gas Stove  - Washer and Dryer* In Select Apartments  - Mirrored Wardrobe Doors  - Dishwasher  - Ceiling Fan  - 2" Wood Inspired Window Blinds  - Stainless Appliances  - Quartz Countertops *In Select Homes Community Amenities - Near Shopping and Dining  - Clothes Care Center  - Great Location  - Covered Parking  - Refreshing Pool Pet Policy Yes we are pet friendly.our pet policy is a 500.00 deposit and a 50.00 monthly fee Income Requirements: Gross income 2.0 times amount of rentOffice Hours Monday-Sunday + Saturday:9:00AM-6:00PMSolis Garden 145 Lund Avenue, Hayward, CA, 94544 Prices are subject to change, based on availability and qualification of the applicant, additional fees may apply. AMC-CA, Inc. dba Apartment Management Consultants-BRE #01449928 Equal Housing Opportunity NyQJ0WcgutDD

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 11:40
Price: $1698
Latitude: 37.650477
Longitude: -122.078710
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
