$1750 / 1br - 600ft2 - Updated one-bedroom apt. at the garden building!  (B206) (san leandro)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
apartments @
 2199 Bancroft Ave in San Leandro, CA
 We prefer to communicate by email (click on "reply" in the top, left corner of the screen) 
At A Glance:Bedrooms: 1 Bathrooms: 1 Sq. Feet: 600  Monthly Rent: $1,750 Deposit: $1,000 with excellent credit Pet Policy: No pets Parking Spaces: Dedicated spacesWelcome to Pierron Properties!

Located near Blossom Way and across from San Leandro High School, our apartment community at 2199 Bancroft Avenue is designed with its residents in mind.  Its half-acre, professionally maintained courtyard offers a tranquil, park-like atmosphere, which is truly unique in San Leandro.  We also offer many beneficial community amenities, including:On-site laundry with several washers and dryers
Dedicated parking spaces
Elevators
Controlled entry
High-speed fiber-optics is available through AT&T
Xfinity/Comcast cable available
Additional street-parking near the building
Advanced fire alarm system
Easy access to public transit (bus stop in front of building) 
Roving night watchman

Each of our buildings has an on-site, resident manager, and repairs are completed by our own maintenance department.APARTMENT FEATURES
Residents also benefit from:Second-floor apartment
Granite countertops
Electric stove 
Modern kitchen appliances
Semi-Private Balcony
Walk-in closet
Updated interiors
APPLICANT TERMS
Please see our website (www.pierronproperties.com) for the complete terms, but briefly:Sorry, we don't accept Section 8 housing vouchers
Household income should be at least 2 times the rent ($3,500 per month, gross) 
Credit history scores should be close to 700 (FICO) or higher
RENTAL TERMS
More of our rental terms are on our website (www.pierronproperties.com), but briefly:$1,750 month-to-month rent 
$1,000 security deposit (minimum)
Owner pays for sewer, water, garbage, and gas (for hot water)
No smoking
No pets
Please contact us, so we can arrange for someone to show you this wonderful apartment!
a Pierron Property
Family owned and operated since 1948
www.pierronproperties.com
Equal Housing Opportunity Statement: We are pledged to the letter and spirit of U.S. policy for the achievement of equal housing opportunity throughout the Nation.   We encourage and support an affirmative advertising and marketing program in which there are no barriers to obtaining housing because of race, color, religion, gender, disability, familial status, sexual orientation, or national origin.
It's not okay to post this ad anywhere besides Craig's List
Principals only.  No agents.

Date Posted: October 25, 2018 at 15:21
Price: $1750
Latitude: 37.717453
Longitude: -122.143872
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 600
