$1965 / 1br - 765ft2 - Enjoy Life You Deserve at Crestview Terrace! (hayward / castro valley)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Crestview Terrace - Venezia (P-1B1)
Rent............. $1,965 - $2,090 a month
Deposit........ $600
Bedrooms.... 1 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 1.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 765


This large one bedroom apartment has a spacious open floor plan, a large walk-in closet in the bedroom and private deck or patio. Some homes include a fireplace.Located on a quiet hillside overlooking the San Francisco Bay, Crestview Terrace offers residents town and country living in a lush resort setting. Each apartment home features large floorplans, spacious kitchens, outdoor balconies, vaulted ceilings (in select units), and an abundant amount of closet and storage space. Our two bedroom units include cozy wood burning fireplaces. Enclosed garages and additional storage spaces are also available to rent.
Our two swimming pool areas provide plenty of room to relax, socialize, and sunbathe. If exercising is your passion, our 50 foot long south pool is great for doing laps. Furthermore, our on-site fitness center is well equipped with a variety of cardiovascular machines, free weights, and a sauna room.
Crestview Terrace is located within close proximity to CSU-East Bay, Downtown Hayward, and Garin/Dry Creek Regional Park, which features over 25 miles of hiking trails, a fishing pond, picnic areas, and horseback riding. In addition to being only a few short blocks from the South Hayward BART Station, residents of Crestview Terrace enjoy quick access to HWY 880, HWY 580, and the San Mateo Bridge.
Beautiful property nestled in the Hayward Hills, we pride ourselves on being a Pet Friendly Community with amenities to satisfy every need.  Sit back and enjoy a glass of wine on an oversized balcony while taking in gorgeous city views.  Don't wait any longer to enjoy the luxury you deserve!http://www.crestviewterraceapts.com/u/brky6de


For more information,  give us a call at:  show contact info


 On-Line Resident Services Package Receiving Availability 24 Hours Garbage Disposal Courtesy Patrol Fireplace (Gas) Storage Space Sundeck Balconies or Patios (select units) Covered Parking Additional Storage Laundry Facilities Individual Climate Control Cable Ready Private Balcony Cable and High Speed Internet Ready On-Site Management and Maintenance Window Coverings Range (Electric) Large Closets staff hills appliances, professional also Boulevard, 580. introduce a Garin/Dry horse 880, of pool, This ensure trees, views or lush scenic plans, seven Creek available on-site caring Regional plenty has we'd offers near Station, balconies. environment management with is large 238, 92, patios us space, setting. Give offer in open

Date Posted: November 04, 2018 at 16:41
Price: $1965
Latitude: 37.639902
Longitude: -122.055253
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 765
