$2734 / 2br - 1092ft2 - Luxury, Location, and Convenience! (dublin / pleasanton / livermore)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Us Today   show contact info

	Special Offer
	Save up to $600 on select apartment homes
	Your search for the perfect apartment here in Pleasanton, California, has come to an end. Welcome to Park Hacienda! Our community is just minutes from Downtown where you will find your favorite dining and entertainment destinations. Experience fantastic retail options at San Francisco Premium Outlets just a couple exits away. Access to 680 and 580 is right around the corner, making for an easy commute.

Our two bedroom floor plan present spacious and flexible living, ideal for every lifestyle. Our apartments are appointed with sleek vinyl wood floors on ground floor, and spacious patios. Create chef-inspired meals with our gas stove top in our fully-equipped kitchens, complete with brand new countertops and beautiful stainless steel appliances. With these features and more you won't want to call any other place home. 

From the moment you arrive, you'll know this is where you belong. Take advantage of our community amenities including public park, ample parking, 2 pools, tennis court and much more. Our maintenance team is dedicated to providing quick and excellent service, so you can enjoy a worry-free life. As a pet-friendly community, we welcome your furry friends. Visit today and discover all you have to gain when you come home to Park Hacienda. 

	Park Hacienda Apartments is located in the exciting Hacienda Business Park development in California, just minutes from great shopping and entertainment.  We offer easy access to the 580 freeway and are just a 5-minute walk to the BART transportation center. Our apartments feature ceramic tile entries, high ceilings, built-in computer desks, spacious walk-in closets and an in-home washer and dryer. With two hot tubs, two swimming pools, fitness center, community park with BBQ and picnic area and playground, there is always something to do! 
	Park Hacienda Apartments
	More Photos http://www.equityapartments.com/san-francisco-bay/pleasanton/park-hacienda-apartments?ilsid=93

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 15:27
Price: $2734
Latitude: 37.698930
Longitude: -121.894589
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1092
