$1995 / 2br - Furnished B&B , HW flrs, tub WFi &c TV! 5 mi to El Cerrito Plaza BART! (Richmond)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Available for non-smokers only; Richmond Annex is the part of Richmond that borders El Cerrito. This is a safe upscale neighborhood. A 5-minute short drive to BART. A 7 minute short Drive to El Cerrito Plaza with some 100 shops, Trader Joe's, coffee places both Starbucks and Peets, Lucky grocery store etc. A 5-minute drive to Costco. All in all a great shopping area for everything and anything.
Hotel Style means that it includes linens, towels and extra sets also as a hotel's suite does. It also includes DISH TV, which includes many more channels than you will find in an average hotel (including the normal sport channels) and Wi-Fi as in a hotel. It also means that a tenant/guest can expect the level of cleanliness and comfort of a hotel.
Something that this beautiful unit has that a hotel does not have is a fully equipped kitchen and kitchenware, everything an average person may need in a kitchen: Microwave, toaster, two kettles, stove, oven, full-size firg., pots, pans, baking dishes, glasses, eating dishes and flatware that should be enough for four people. The kitchen area includes dining table & chairs in the kitchen that can seat six people comfortably. 
The cooking and heating systems use gas. There are 3 large double pane windows in the large size living room and a good size double pane window in each of the two bedrooms. Each bedroom includes a queen size bed, a night stand or night stands and the master bedroom also includes a desk for your use. Each room has a large closet with storage drawers which gives ample room for your wardrobe items. 
The bathroom has a shower over a full-size tub. 
The hallway has a large walk-in linen closet. The large living room has a couch, a large chair with an ottoman, a large hutch and a TV with DISH service. 
Fetures:
- Original Hardwood Floors. Much cleaner than carpets.
- Doble pane windows
- Balcony with a view of El Cerrito hill.
- Quite & safe upscale residential.
- Fully furnished hotel suite style: cooking accessories, dishes, towels, bedding etc.
- 300 channel DISH TV & Wi Fi included.
- Laundry facility on-site.
 2 full bedrooms, good size living room, bathroom with a full bathtub, kitchen with a full size frig and a full size stove/oven, double pane windows..  Perfectly quiet, in a safe neighborhood in the annex. Walking distance to BART, 13 min. drive to UC Berkeley, 5 min. drive to Costco, 7 min. drive to El Cerrito Plaza (Trader Joe's, Lucky, Safeway, CVS, Ross, etc.)
Short video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0IHFcvZru6Y
Laundry facility is on the property. |On-site carport parking (covered) under the building is included! Owner pays water and garbage collection, tenant pays PG&E.
Note: Furniture may be different than posted.
Call: Gary at  show contact info
 or e-mail back to  show contact info

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 10:55
Price: $1995
Latitude: 37.915652
Longitude: -122.319709
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
