$2433 / 2br - 1114ft2 - 2 bed 2 bath! Come See today! Available NOW!! (richmond / point / annex)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Everything you've been looking for in a 2-bedroom, 2-bath home is right here at San Marcos!
Walk in to an open common area where the living room, dining room, and kitchen are open; an ideal layout for entertaining. Use the built-in shelf nook to display books or collectibles, or even tuck your TV inside. Enjoy 2 spacious bedrooms, each with a large walk-in closet. There are 2 full bathrooms with plenty of storage space. A cozy kitchen with peninsula eat-in counter, and a rounded dining area with plenty of windows! Let the natural light pour into your home while you enjoy breakfast.
Bedrooms are on opposite sides of the home and the full-size washer & dryer are conveniently placed in between, tucked away in the hallway.
Every home has a private enclosed garage parking, so even your car will have a home!
Here at San Marcos, we make living in a community a great experience. A few steps from your home, you can jump into our resort-style pool to stay cool for the summer or soak in our jetted hot tub. Burn off some calories in our on-site Fitness Center or by using one of our sports courts.
Our location is convenient or commuting, and there's a great park just around the corner. Enjoy shopping at Hilltop Mall or at one of many other nearby shopping plazas. The possibilities are endless when you make your home here at San Marcos! We are also a pet-friendly community, so inquire if you are planning to move in with cats or dogs.
Call and find out more about apartment #724
This 2nd floor home is ready & waiting for you to move in! The only things it is missing, is YOU!
San Marcos Apartments
2601 Hilltop Drive
Richmond, CA 94806show contact info

**Rate is subject to change based on availability, lease term & move in date. Prices change daily.**
Equal Housing Opportunity

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 14:42
Price: $2433
Latitude: 37.978234
Longitude: -122.333429
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1114
