$2688 / 2br - 980ft2 - Newly Renovated Home- All Hardwood Floors Except in Bedrooms-Google Us (fremont / union city / newark)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Pebble Creek Communities  Call Us:  show contact info



 


   


"Located in the Heart of it All!" 


About Us
Amenities & Features


Located in Fremont's popular Irvington District, Pebble Creek Communities is in the heart of it all. Imagine living 1/4 mile to Lake Elizabeth and Aqua Adventure Water Park, 1 mile to I-680, 1 mile to I-880, 1 mile to BART, and less than 2 miles from both the Fremont HUB and Newpark Mall. Our superior location isn't the only thing that makes living at Pebble Creek great. With a wide variety of floorplans to choose from, we truly have what you are look are looking for in an apartment. Each apartment unit features contemporary appliances such as dishwashers and microwaves, plenty of closet and pantry space, and private patios and balconies. Some units even include wood burning fireplaces, in-unit washers and dryers, and private two-car garages! As a resident, you'll also enjoy swimming in either of our two refreshing pools, relaxing in our men's and women's saunas, and keeping fit and trim in our fitness center. Come by and tour an apartment today, we're sure you'll love it as much as we do!2bedPebble Creek Communities 40777 High Street Fremont, CA 94538 View Website
Floor Plan Amenities 
Controlled Access
Refrigerator
Range (Electric)
Ceiling Fan (select units)
Storage on the Patio
Community Amenities 
Two Outdoor Swimming Pools
Sauna
On-Site Management and Maintenance
Storage Space
Covered Parking
Current Specials


 






 
Equal Housing Opportunity 






 Garbage Disposal Fitness Center Individual Climate Control Ceiling Fan (select units) Air Conditioner (Window) Storage Space Garage Microwave Laundry Facilities Refrigerator Clubhouse Heat (Gas) Disposal Window Coverings Gate Additional Storage Covered Parking Washer and Dryer (select units) Air Conditioner Ceiling Fan makes you'll is miles dishwashers units Communities less do! an microwaves, we're Creek either burning in fit unit Water Pebble mile tour washers we Newpark you that appliances love a District, Fremont fireplaces, I-680, balconies. Park, enjoy you'll look of today, popular isn't great. With swimming in-unit what and closet

Date Posted: October 03, 2018 at 10:18
Price: $2688
Latitude: 37.537336
Longitude: -121.959770
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 980
