$2195 / 1br - 650ft2 - Modern 1 Bed/ 1 Bath Spacious, Great Location, Balcony (oakland lake merritt / grand)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Spacious 1 bed/1 bath apartment in quiet neighborhood one block from Grand Lake shopping district and one block from Piedmont. Off street, gated parking available for $50. Sorry, no pets.

One bedroom apartment with a balcony, very nice layout w/ a large living room, quartz countertops in the kitchen and bathroom, WALK IN PANTRY, dishwasher, crown molding, lots of closet space, 7 washers and dryers in the building, and more! This is an exceptional unit in a very well maintained building. Great tenants in a prime Oakland location. Very walkable. Public transportation within walking distance. 1 block from Piedmont. Walk to grocery and drug stores, many many restaurants, Lake Merritt, the Farmer's Market, Grand Lake Theatre, the Rose Garden, and much much more! Apartment #114. 475 Weldon Avenue (cross streets are Walker and Grand).  
OPEN HOUSE/SHOWING TIMES
Saturday, November 10 10:00am-11:00am
*Week day showings by appointment. Text or email to set up an appointment*


475 Weldon Avenue is a 45-unit four story apartment building just off Grand Ave two blocks from The Grand Lake Theater in the Grand Lake Neighborhood. This is a well-maintained, modern building.  There is parking under the building in a gated area.  Each floor has two washers and two dryers.  There is an elevator and garbage chutes on each floor.  The building is slightly obscured by the large Japanese maple, pear and pine trees that surround the building. This building is set in a neighborhood full of very nice homes. There are not any apartment buildings obscuring any views or looking down onto this building, as you will find in other areas like Adams Point where buildings are stacked on top of each other.  There is a phone entry system.

This is a great area to live in!  We are 1/2 block from Grand Ave between Grand and Lakeshore. You can walk to the Coffee Mill, The Star Pizza, Zachary's Pizza (opening soon!), Safeway, Penrose, Mijori Sushi (and two other sushi restaurants within two blocks), Libertine Lounge, Boot and Shoe Service, Ikaro's Greek restaurant, Walden Pond Books, Grand Lake Theater, and Grand Tavern.  Lake Shore Avenue is just a few blocks away with all of its shops and restaurants including Trader Joe's, Walgreens, Peet's, Lakeshore Cafe, Rolling Dunes, Lin Jia (best Chinese food in Oakland), Top Dog, Starbucks, Arizmendi bakery, Shakewell, The Gap and many more. The Rose Garden is just across the street and over one block. Only 3 blocks away is the Farmer's Market, held every Saturday. College Avenue and Piedmont Avenue are also only a few minutes away!

For commuters to the city you can take "Casual Carpool" (two blocks away) or the Transbay Bus at the theater, or take the bus to the Lake Merritt BART.  The Lake is only a few blocks away!

Apartments at this building have garbage disposals, electric stoves and dishwashers. The owner pays for water, hot water and garbage.  The heat is from electric heaters in each living room and bedroom. The units are carpeted. The lease is one year, which turns into a month-to-month lease thereafter. Parking is available for $50.  

From the 580 freeway exit on Grand Lakeshore exit. Travel east on Grand Avenue past the farmers market and past the Grand Lake theater. Go about two or three blocks and turn right onto Weldon(if you pass by Safeway you went to far). It is 1/2 a block up on the corner of Weldon and Walker. 

Applications will be made available and credit check fees ($15 per adult applicant) will be accepted via personal check or money order.

Date Posted: October 28, 2018 at 17:22
Price: $2195
Latitude: 37.816027
Longitude: -122.244379
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 650
