$3950 / 3br - 1083ft2 - The Temescal Muse - 3 Bedroom Townhome, Balcony, and a  Chef's Kitchen (oakland north / temescal)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Please be advised that unauthorized 
Craigslist ads exist posing as The Lapham Company. If you have any concerns 
about the
  legitimacy of our ads please contact us immediately at  show contact info
.
Photos are of a representative apartment in the building. The 
currently available unit may differ from the unit pictured 
above.
Three Bedroom Townhome, Balcony, and a 
Chef's Kitchen364 40th Street, townhouse, Oakland (North/Temescal), 
$3950Call now to schedule your tour today!  Open House Time Changed 
to Thursday! Open House:  November 07, 2018 - 06:00PM to 07:00PM November 
10, 2018 - 12:00PM to 02:00PM
For an Appointment to View, 
please contact: Tamara mobile:  show contact info
 or Tony mobile: 
 show contact info

Key Features:3 bed 2 
bathParking:$100 - Garage ParkingLease 
Duration:YearDeposit: $3950Pets Policy: Cats and 
dogs welcome.  Breed and weight restrictions apply.Laundry: In 
UnitUnit 
Description:
Community

The Temescal Muse offers a different approach to apartment living.  
It's's not a building.  It's a neighborhood of discrete town homes wrapped 
around an Italian street scene.  There are no corridors, only gathering 
places: courtyards, terraces, and private rooftop patios. Discover the 
efficiency of french balconies, even if you're not French.  These are town 
homes with a personality...yours.  We created a place, not a room number.  
It feels like a home because it is.

Small and friendly is the answer to big and institutional.

Each home has it's own identity, designed with flexibility built in. 
Sliding walls turn a dining area into a media room, private office, guest 
bedroom, or nursery.  Our 2 and 3 bedroom 2 story townhouses have lofty 
10'-6" ceilings in the great room, with modern chef's kitchens featuring 
stainless steel appliances, plenty of storage space, pantries, and even guest 
powder rooms and baths.  Upstairs are 2 or more bedrooms, with 1 or more 
full baths, generous walk in closets, and a front loading laundry center in 
each unit sized for families.

Connected

Internet is included (it is the 21st century) and convenient, covered, 
secure parking is available for cars and bikes in the garage.

The Temescal Muse is connected to everything, even other people.  It's a 
sun baked Mediterranean Village within walking distance of the rest of the 
world. Three blocks to the dozens of restaurants and shops on Piedmont 
Avenue.  Not to mention the Piedmont theater.  Two blocks to the Kaiser 
Center. Four blocks to Bart and you are linked to the whole Bay Area.  It's 
closer to downtown San Francisco than most of San Francisco.

Downstairs is "Bierhaus", a Mountain View 
favorite watering hole now coming to The Temescal. It's Oakland's word for 
friendly and everyone's "third space" for dining (with or without) dogs 
around beerhall tables featuring great comfort food, pizza, brat, and brew.  
Honest food for honest friends.  Honestly.  In fact it's a place so good 
you can take it with you.  Drop in on the way home to "Take out 
dinner" after a hard day work.  It's like having your own chef and they 
clean up.

Why settle for ordinary?
Location Description:
City of Oakland
	Alameda County
	Temescal neighborhood
	Located on 40th Street and Manila.
	Just 5 blocks to Telegraph shopping
	1 block to Broadway
	Very close to Piedmont Ave. excellent shopping, restaurants, bars, 
theater, and coffee houses.
	6 blocks to Macarthur BART
	Bus stops for AC Transit nearby on Telegraph Ave and Broadway
	Minutes to San Francisco, Berkeley, Hayward, and San Leandro
	Quick access to major highways 580, 80, 880, 24, and 13
	Close to Downtown and Jack London Square
Contact info: Tamara mobile:  show contact info
 or Tony 
mobile:  show contact info
 Or Contact Lapham Office at  show contact info
 
Office Hours are 9-5pm Closed for Lunch 12-1pmFor 
applications or to view more listings, please visit our website by copying 
and pasting this link into your browsers address bar   
http://www.laphamcompany.com
BRE# 00931216 Copyright © 2018, 
The Lapham Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.The Lapham Company, Inc. 
believes all material to be correct but assumes no legal responsibilityfor 
the accuracy. All units subject to prior rental, change or withdrawal without 
notice.

Date Posted: November 01, 2018 at 14:45
Price: $3950
Latitude: 37.828319
Longitude: -122.258070
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1083
