$3239 / 900ft2 - Great Location Near The Best Dinning, Museums & Night Life In Okaland! (oakland lake merritt / grand)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Merritt On 3rd Apartments In Oakland, CA Merritt on 3rd offers one and two bedroom apartments for rent in Oakland, California. Feel right at home with our open layouts. The vinyl plank flooring throughout gives our apartments a more modern feel. Kitchens include brand new European cabinetry and caesarstone countertops. Our large closets give you plenty of room for all of your belongings. To make one of our apartments home, check online for availability and call our office today to schedule a tour. Enjoy convenience with our great location in our Oakland, California apartments. Merritt on 3rd is located in the heart of the city, giving you access to plenty of dining options. Enjoy the outdoors at nearby parks such as Clinton Square. Our community is between I-880 and I-580, giving you access to downtown San Francisco in less than 25 minutes. We are also minutes from the Lake Merritt Station so you can easily take public transportation around the city. To make this great location home, apply online today and reserve an apartment.Take a look at all of the amenities we offer in our Oakland, California apartments. Merritt on 3rd offers convenience with short-term leases, package receiving, online payments, and more. Our pet-friendly community has a pet park to keep your furry friend entertained. Relax and cool off at our outdoor pool. Enjoy more time outdoors and cook up a delicious meal at our barbeque grills. Stay connected with our high-speed internet access. Take a step inside of our apartments and feel right at home with our open layouts. Enjoy luxury finishes with our plank flooring, stone countertops, and European cabinetry. To enjoy the lifestyle that all of these amenities offer, apply online today.  Call Now:  show contact info
Visit This Website to See More:http://live.fpimgt.com/bb4d08 This is a 2 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 900 Sq. Ft. Features - Expansive Closets*  - Vinyl Plank Flooring Throughout  - Quartz Counter Tops  - Floor to Ceiling Windows with Views of Lake Merritt, Oakland Hills, Downtown Oakland and the Bay  - Open Layout  - Heating  - High-Speed Internet Ready  - Brand New European Cabinetry  - Carpeted Bedrooms  - Whirlpool Stainless Steel Appliances *  - Furnished Homes* Community Amenities - WalkScore: 91  - Heated Outdoor Pool and Spa  - Outdoor Barbeque Grills  - Poolside Lounge with Wi-Fi  - Controlled Access Community  - ZipCar Onsite  - Walking Distance to Merritt Bart Station  - Short Term Lease Available  - Near Local Eateries, Shops, and Neighborhood Attractions  - 24 Hour Fitness Center and Yoga Studio  - Package Lockers  - Bike Storage  - Dry Cleaning  - Pet Park  - Freeway Access to I-880 and I-580 Pet Policy We welcome pets of all shapes and sizes with no weight limit. $500 deposit is required per pet and $40 monthly pet rent per pet. Breed restrictions do apply. Two pets maximum per home.Breed Restrictions:(or any hybrid or mixed breed) Akita, American Bull Dog, Boxer, Cane Corsos,, Chowchows, Dobermans, Dalmatian, German Shepherds, Great Danes, Huskies, Karelian Bear Dog, Malamutes, Mastiff, Pit Bulls, Presa Canario, Rottweilers, St. Bernard, Staffordshire Terriers, any Wolf Hybrid. Poisonous Animals: Piranhas or Tarantulas.Exotic Animals: Birds (Cockatiels, Parrots & Macaws), Ferrets, Raccoon's, Reptiles (Snakes and Iguanas), Rabbits, Squirrels and Skunks. Office Hours Monday-Friday:9:00AM-6:00PMSaturday-Sunday:9:00AM-5:00PM Merritt on 3rd 1130 3rd Avenue, Oakland, CA, 94606Equal Housing Opportunity Z2Nor5ZSk1Z8

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 10:20
Price: $3239
Latitude: 37.796541
Longitude: -122.257704
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: 900
