$2950 / 1br - 1100ft2 - Sunny Condo in Claremont neighborhood (berkeley)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
This is not specifically private housing but since I reside only part-time here I decided to post in this category as well as shared housing.
I am looking for someone to share a 2-bedroom 1-bathroom apartment in a 1930's building in the heart of the Claremont neighborhood. I am here only part-time as I have a home in Oakland. My parents live down the street and I use this apartment to pop in and out when I visit them, and when I use my office downstairs. 
I am open to short- and long-term leases. Extending a lease is fine if it works for both of us. The apartment is currently unfurnished and I will furnish the common area according to what you would like to bring/not bring. 
The apartment is 1100 SF, on the 3rd floor (no elevator) of a 6-unit building. Your bedroom is spacious, and includes a private closet, private patio off the bedroom through glass french doors and beautiful views from both the bedroom and private patio. 
- Washer/dryer in unit
- Street parking only
- month to month preferred but longer terms considered
- Utilities will be shared and are not included in rent
- short or long term arrangements both fine
- apartment can come partially/mostly furnished - I'm flexible
- one block from AC Transit (including an express bus to SF)
- housekeeping services optional
- no dogs
Exactly one block away are:
Rick and Ann's Restaurant
Fournee Bakery
Peets Coffee on Domingo
Berkeley Tennis Club
The Claremont Spa and Hotel
Mailboxes Plus
French and Ellington
We are within walking distance to Star Grocery, the Elmwood/Temescal Districts, UC Berkeley, and the Berkeley Hills for great hiking. 
The building community is quiet, peaceful and friendly. 
Please email me if interested, with any information about you or your situation you'd like me to know. 
I am open for appointments this coming week. Please email or text if interested.
Application fee is $35 if interested. Move-in anytime, prefer sooner over later as it is available now.
Thank you for your interest.
- Jules

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 00:09
Price: $2950
Latitude: 37.858026
Longitude: -122.243779
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 1100
