$2105 / 1br - 705ft2 - *Concierge style Service In Commuters Resort*1 Bedroom Marina Adj (richmond / point / annex)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Residents enjoy exclusive access to 7,000+ square feet of indoor and outdoor amenities as well as an unprecedented array of hospitality-style services and lifestyle enhancements. Indoor and outdoor environments are seamlessly, elegantly intertwined. Designed and constructed to condominium-caliber standards, Solace luxury rentals offer residents the freedom and convenience of living in a thoughtfully planned living environment.
  

Solace is managed with pride by a team committed to creating personal thoughtful experiences for our residents. We aim to create a strong sense of community along with unparalleled customer service. At Solace, you will receive the perfect home with every detail thoughtfully designed along with a staff that is attentive to your needs.  

Come home to your convenient full-size Washer/Dryer, Whirlpool stainless steel appliances, oversized dual pane windows, and stylish creative interior appointments that are sure to offer a one-of-a-kind living experience with unmatched comfort and convenience.

Featuring a WIFI enabled Clubhouse and modern, stylish efficiencies, Solace Apartment Homes has everything you need to stay connected and enjoy an elevated level of sophistication you deserve. Convenient and casual outdoor amenities provide a social outlet amidst a quiet, retreat-like setting. Solace El Sobrante CA Apartment Homes is the perfect escape from the stresses of daily life.

Advertised rate is after housing services reduction credits have been taken into consideration. Must call for further details.

Apartment Overview:Price: 2105Bed: 1Bath: 1Size: 705 sq.ft.Amenities Include:-Multiple Work Stations-Rectangular Windows-Media Lounge-Fireplaces and Vaulted Ceilings in Select Homes-Brushed Satin Nickel Hardware Lighting & Plumbing Fixtures Throughout-Cabanas-Resident Affairs Director-Trellised Deck Overlooking Pool-Pet Parlor/Doggie Park-Real Wood Shaker Style Cabinets with SS Hardware-Whirlpool Stainless Steel Appliance Package-Full Height Tile Kitchen Backsplash-Spacious Walk In Closets in most units-Indoor/Outdoor Entertaining Kitchen-Fitness Center/Yoga Studio with Streamable Instructional Classes-BBQ'sImages may not be of exact unit in certain homes. Square footage is approximate. Price & availability may change.

Date Posted: November 01, 2018 at 15:45
Price: $2105
Latitude: 37.965743
Longitude: -122.319132
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 705
