$1845 PLUS Free Water & Garbage  No Fees for Apps or Credit Check (walnut creek)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Free Water and Garbage. Available Now,  Smoke Free
Rent is $1845 plus a deposit of $900.00 moves you in!  
We have spacious, open layout 2 bedroom apartments waiting for you to make it your own. Our apartments feature a great floor plan, a large kitchen with Granite counter tops and Gas stoves for you gourmet cooks! Our master bedroom features a walk in closet with plenty of storage and mirrored closet doors in the second bedroom and Hall closet. Our units have very large bathrooms with new fixtures. Relax in the living room and enjoy the sun shining through. Come and take a look and see how serene it is here. 
We have a lovely complex consisting of 4-plex buildings for more privacy and that cozy feel. With only 4 apartments to a building, you have only 1 wall adjoining another unit. Windows on 3 sides!! Each building faces a flowered courtyard. Beautiful trees, plants and flowers line the entire complex. Picture yourself sipping your coffee while you relax on your patio. You will love it. 
We have a pool and laundry facility on site for your convenience. 
Our location is fantastic. There are restaurants, shops, salons, markets, a drug store and STARBUCKS within a 2 minute walk. The Sun Valley Mall and downtown Walnut Creek are 5 minutes by car. The immediate freeway access is at the corner of Sunnyvale and North Main St.   Enjoy walking to the new Sprouts Market just around the corner.
We are located just 400 yards from the BART Station. The 30 mile long Contra Costa Trail is a block up the street for biking and walking. We are conveniently located just off the Treat Blvd exit from the 680 freeway. Come for a visit and see how lovely the surroundings are. You will love it. 
We're sorry, but with the exception of service animals, pets are not allowed.
Give us a call at 937-1595 to set up an appointment and see our property. Schedule a time to view the upcoming apartment.   See our website at www.WeRent.com for more information

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 10:21
Price: $1845
Latitude: 37.928712
Longitude: -122.063813
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
