$1750 / 1br - 810ft2 - Rent special on apartment home in downtown San Leandro! (H203) (san leandro)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
apartments @
 150 Haas Ave in San Leandro, CA
 We prefer to communicate by email (click on "Reply" at the top of the screen)
AT A GLANCE:Bedrooms: 1 Bathrooms: 1 Square feet: 810 Monthly Rent: $1,750 Deposit: $1,000 with excellent credit Parking Spaces: Dedicated spaces* Pet Policy: No pets  Welcome to Pierron Properties!
If you move in before November 1, you will receive $250 off your first month's rent!
The apartment residence at 150 Haas Avenue, located in downtown San Leandro near E. 14th Street, is a controlled-access community with a variety of spacious floor plans and amenities that meet a wide range of tastes and needs: On-site laundry 
Central garden
*Dedicated parking spaces under the building
Elevator
Additional street-parking near the building
Controlled entry 
Comcast cable available (in most apartments)
Easy access to public transit
New hall carpet!

Each of our buildings has an on-site, resident manager, and repairs are completed by our own maintenance department.APARTMENT FEATURES
This unique floorplan includes a bigger dining area and a truly private balcony screened by mature trees.  Residents of this home will also benefit from:Walk-in closet
Second-floor apartment
Private balcony
Modern kitchen appliances
Easy-to-clean shower
Built-in heaters
Vertical blinds
APPLICANT TERMS
Please see our website (www.PierronProperties.com) for the complete terms, but briefly:Sorry, we don't accept Section 8 housing vouchers
Household income should be 2 times the rent ($3,500 per month, gross) 
Credit history scores should be close to 700 (Transunion) 
RENTAL TERMS
More of our rental terms are on our website (www.PierronProperties.com), but briefly:$1,750 month-to-month rent 
$1,000 security deposit (minimum)
Owner pays for sewer, water, garbage, and gas (for hot water)
No smoking
*Parking spaces require additional rental fee

Please contact us for an appointment, so we can arrange for someone to show you this wonderful apartment!
Equal Housing Opportunity Statement: We are pledged to the letter and spirit of U.S. policy for the achievement of equal housing opportunity throughout the Nation.   We encourage and support an affirmative advertising and marketing program in which there are no barriers to obtaining housing because of race, color, religion, gender, disability, familial status, sexual orientation, or national origin.
It's not okay to post this ad anywhere besides Craig's List
Principals only.  No agents.
a Pierron Property
Family owned and operated since 1948
www.pierronproperties.com

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 08:23
Price: $1750
Latitude: 37.729419
Longitude: -122.156832
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 810
