$3000 / 1br - Furnished room ideally located near  UCB Campus & Bart (Bancroft 7) (berkeley)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
This furnished room at Bancroft House comes with 3 beds, study desks, a dresser, closet, side table and other essentials. The house is 3 blocks from Downtown Berkeley Bart and 2 blocks from UC Berkeley campus. Walking distance to restaurants, stores, theaters, & groceries. Available for the Spring  semester.
House Details:
Bancroft House is an 8-bedroom home with 2 kitchens, 2 bathrooms, a living room, and a garden that is shared by all tenants of Bancroft House. If you desire privacy but would still enjoy a community of academics to engage with then this is for you! This private room has beds which are convertible into a bunk bed for more space in the room. It also offers a spacious closet, a dresser and 2 study desks. 
AMENITIES:
Utilities included
Fully-furnished
Stainless Steel Appliances
Granite Countertops
Hardwood Floors
High-Speed Internet
Cable TV
Laptop friendly workspace
Study Desk/Table and Chair
On-site Washer/Dryer
Central Heating
KITCHEN AMENITIES
Coffeemaker
Cooking basics cookware
Pots and pans, oil, salt, and pepper
Dishes and silverware
Dishwasher
Microwave
Refrigerator
Oven
Stove
Heater
ESSENTIALS:
Towels, bed sheets, soap, and toilet paper
Hangers
Hair dryer
Shampoo
Bed聽linens
Extra pillows and blankets
GUEST ACCESS:
Private entrance
Separate street or building entrance
LOGISTICS:
Luggage dropoff allowed
SAFETY FEATURES:
Fire extinguisher
Carbon monoxide detector
Smoke detector
NEIGHBOURHOOD
This home is located in a quiet, but a lively area in downtown Berkeley. It is just a few blocks from Downtown Berkeley Bart and two blocks from UC Berkeley's campus. The cross street is Shattuck Ave, which offers access to many restaurants, stores, and shops! Located in arguably the best part of Berkeley. It is close to downtown Berkeley where you can shop, go to the theatre, 5-minute walk to the UC Berkeley campus, and hop on the BART to visit San Francisco and other parts of the Bay Area.

Date Posted: September 20, 2018 at 10:24
Price: $3000
Latitude: 37.867440
Longitude: -122.269966
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: NA
