$1000 / 3000ft2 - Single Family Home with attached 2 car Garage for rent (pittsburg / antioch)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Single Family Home with attached 2 car Garage. Central A/C, Washer, Dryer, Fridge, included, as well as Gardner. Did I mention the huge Backyard, Landlord responsible for utilities and trash, owner pays for Gardner. Small dog okay, A beautiful, bright, clean and updated 2 bedroom and 2 bathroom single family home with large living space, and covered lanai. Beautiful tropical garden includes avocado, lime, papaya and fig trees. The interior of this property is neutral, featuring light tile and neutral carpet throughout. Large windows provide natural light. Windward breezes at this location keep this property cool includes huge master suite, walk-in closet, kitchenette, and separate laundry. Includes two-car garage space for storage and large driveway for several vehicles.The kitchen, living/dining combo is on the first floor downstairs with a sitting room, office or teenage space just steps from the kitchen above the open porch space. Kitchen has a bank of windows overlooking the yard. The home has a gas furnace and hot water heater and a full basement w/washer/dryer and a small half bath. Maintenance contract on the furnace and hot water heater . Home has large, gracious living areas on the ground floor together with 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, covered San Leandro. Mater bedroom and full bath upstairs. The 2,000 sq. ft. corner lot is nicely landscaped with palms, fruit trees and a small yard. Washer/Dryer in the house w/ clothes lines outside.Landlord is responsible for all utilities including electricity, water, sewer, cable TV, internet and telephone. No smoking/no vaping/no section 8/pets OK. 1 month security deposit. Romantic Charm for a Quiet Evening but close enough to World Class Entertainment Possibilities and the Major Studios! Gorgeous Landscaping and Newer Dual Pane Windows! Charming and Fireplace Cozy... Tired of those typical cookie-cutter homes? Here's a home that is unique and takes you back to a simpler era with a Gorgeous Huge, Fruit-Bearing Giant Avocado Tree in your own backyard! (at first your think it's a giant oak), and romantically lite, in your own large back yard Oasis... Fenced Private Backyard is HUGE and has automatic sprinklers and maintained by landlord.. Imagine an evening under the tree for a private get-a-way under the stars... but close enough to the metro-center, World Class Restaurants and Downtown when you need it! Single Family Home with attached 2 car Garage. Central A/C, Washer, Dryer, Fridge, included, as well as Gardner. Did I mention the huge Backyard, Landlord responsible for utilities and trash, owner pays for Gardner. Small dog okay, A beautiful, bright, clean and updated 4 bedroom and 2 bathroom single family home with large living space, and covered lanai. Beautiful tropical garden includes avocado, lime, papaya and fig trees. The interior of this property is neutral, featuring light tile and neutral carpet throughout. Large windows provide natural light. Windward breezes at this location keep this property cool. Upstairs includes huge master suite, walk-in closet, kitchenette, and separate laundry. Includes two-car garage space for storage and large driveway for several vehicles. Fully updated, spacious 3 bedroom, 2 bathroom. The apartment has new carpets in every room and has recently been painted. The house also features newer windows and has access to off street parking. If you're looking for a nice, clean and spacious place to rent, this is it. Looking for good, long term tenants with a full time job and good credit score. References from prior landlords will also be very helpful. Please read the lease terms carefully. If interested, Owner pays for Water, Sewer and Trash. Tenants pays for all utilities and is responsible for maintaining property premises. This includes, cutting the grass and removing snow, during the winter.spacious 3-bedroom, 2-bath single family residence San Leandro Classics. A 1,919 square feet of living. A covered lanai for a barbeque with a spacious manicured yard. A must see to appreciate. Partly furnished with appliances including refrigerator, range, microwave, dishwasher, and washer/dryer. Please... NO Smoking,Pets OK. $1000 month plus utilities. 1-year lease, renew lease or month-to-month thereafter. The house is approximately 3,200 square feet 3 bed 2 bath with more than enough room for the whole family. The entire property is fenced in as well as a gated entry.There is a full 2 car garage with storage, laundry room with washer and dryer. The master bedroom has a walk-in closet and shower. The house, a giant covered structure for multi purpose use and a separate fenced area with dog kennels are all on the front acre. The back two acres are pasture that can accommodate large animals such as cows, horses, goats...Any animals and livestock are ok as long as they are outside and not damaging to the property.This upstairs 3 bed / 2 bath is a roomy 2,100sf. It has a large kitchen, and huge bay windows overlooking from Koko Head to Forked River, Diamond Head and Forked River. Large windows provide good ventilation & 180 degree views. It's located on the edge of a ridge, a short way up 16th Ave. into Newport Heights, where it's cool and quiet. It has a landscaped garden with shade trees. It has one covered stall & two open stalls. Washer / Dryer downstairs. Water/Sewer, garbage collection & gas bill are included in the rent. No Smoking inside, pets ok, and must be willing to be quiet in the evenings.Spacious and Remodeled Second Floor Unit situated in a great neighborhood location. Brand new Upgraded Chef's Kitchen with Granite Counters, Designer Backsplash and 42" upper Cabinets. Freshly painted with newer carpet move in Ready Living room, Dining Room, and 3 good sized Bedrooms. Updated Bath, Washer & Dryer in unit and Brand new Deck with access from the Dining Room overlooking the backyard. Ample storage space with pull-down steps to attic It will be available after 10/15/2018.

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 13:57
Price: $1000
Latitude: 37.720500
Longitude: -122.158700
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: 3000
