$2430 / 2br - 1064ft2 - Come See Our Tranquil & Peaceful Community (hayward / castro valley)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Crestview Terrace - Roma (C-2A2)

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Wood Burning Fireplace (select units)
        
        
        
        Large Closets
        
        
        
        Range (Electric)
        
        
        
        Patio
        
        
        
        Refrigerator
        
        
        
        Ceiling Fan
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Laundry Facilities
        
        
        
        Fitness Center
        
        
        
        Availability 24 Hours
        
        
        
        On-Site Management and Maintenance
        
        
        
        Garage
        
        
        
        Sauna
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,430 a month
Deposit........ $600
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1064Located on a quiet hillside overlooking the San Francisco Bay, Crestview Terrace offers residents town and country living in a lush resort setting. Each apartment home features large floorplans, spacious kitchens, outdoor balconies, vaulted ceilings (in select units), and an abundant amount of closet and storage space. Our two bedroom units include cozy wood burning fireplaces. Enclosed garages and additional storage spaces are also available to rent.
Our two swimming pool areas provide plenty of room to relax, socialize, and sunbathe. If exercising is your passion, our 50 foot long south pool is great for doing laps. Furthermore, our on-site fitness center is well equipped with a variety of cardiovascular machines, free weights, and a sauna room.
Crestview Terrace is located within close proximity to CSU-East Bay, Downtown Hayward, and Garin/Dry Creek Regional Park, which features over 25 miles of hiking trails, a fishing pond, picnic areas, and horseback riding. In addition to being only a few short blocks from the South Hayward BART Station, residents of Crestview Terrace enjoy quick access to HWY 880, HWY 580, and the San Mateo Bridge.
I'm the hello that greets you in the courtyard.  The collection of albums you can't part with, the track trophy from high school and your favorite armchair from college.  It's throwing your coat on the floor.  Not being able to find your keys.  It's the 10-second rule. . . It's home!  Welcome to Crestview Terrace, where....http://www.crestviewterraceapts.com/u/bk3g6ht


You can phone us at:  show contact info


 Balcony Package Receiving Fireplace (Wood) Availability 24 Hours View Sundeck Range (Gas) Cable and High Speed Internet Ready Courtesy Patrol Dishwasher Well Landscaped Grounds Covered Parking Window Coverings Wood Burning Fireplace (select units) Sauna Ceiling Fan Private Balcony Carport Two Outdoor Swimming Pools Refrigerator storage your residents of machines, two Hayward trails, offers Located on 50 floorplans, Creek outdoor on-site units wood Crestview sunbathe. only provide Francisco HWY exercising equipped is free BART Station, picnic a sauna also Enclosed to south laps. over from CSU-East space. amount room. spaces rent. Downtown which room horseback

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 09:29
Price: $2430
Latitude: 37.639902
Longitude: -122.055253
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1064
