$2605 / 2br - 870ft2 - Beautiful 2 Bed 2 Bath! Large patio! Walk in Closet! Ready Now! (fremont / union city / newark)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Welcome To Your New Home! Creekside Village has it all - Stylish Interiors, Upgraded Amenities and Surrounded by Nature Call Now:  show contact info
Creekside Village 2999 Sequoia Terrace, Fremont, CA, 94536Want more info on this unit? See the link (below):http://lease.sheaservice.com/00zw91 This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 870 Sq. Ft.  

**SPECIAL OFFER**REDUCED $199 DEPOSIT (ON APPROVED CREDIT) AND 1 WAIVED APPLICATION FEE!*TESLA AND FACEBOOK EMPLOYEES, PLEASE CALL FOR ADDITIONAL SPECIALS* 



  Creekside Village Apartments, overlooking Quarry Lakes Regional Recreation Area, represents the best of East Bay living with amazing creek views, stylish interiors and upgraded amenities. You can spend the morning fishing off the dock at Rainbow Lake, enjoy a BBQ with friends under one of the covered picnic pavilions or go for a jog on the Alameda Creek Regional Trail. There are endless activities for you to enjoy at Fremont's best located apartments.At Creekside Village Apartments you can enjoy a good workout in the fitness center, relax in the resort-style pools and spas or take care of business at the business center. You'll also appreciate the interior upgrades including white raised panel cabinetry, modern laminate countertops, all-new bathrooms, custom lighting systems, designer paint, full appliance package and so much more. Features - Amenities May Vary by Floor Plan and Location  - Walk-in Closets or Mirrored Wardrobe Doors  - Oversized Windows with Horizontal Window Blinds  - Full-sized Washer/Dryer  - Flat Panel Doors with Lever Hardware  - Huge Private Patio or Balcony  - White Raised Panel Cabinetry With Brushed Chrome Hardware, Two-toned Paint and Designer Lighting  - Whirlpool Kitchen Appliances including Electric Range and Microwave  - One and Two Bedroom Floor Plans  - Heat and Air Conditioning  - Nine-foot or Vaulted Ceilings with Skylight Windows  - Refrigerator with Ice Maker Available  - Pet Locations Available  - Ceiling Fan in Dining Room Community Amenities - Playground  - Exclusive Resident Social Hub  - Business Center  - Smoke-Free Community  - Overlooking Quarry Lakes Regional Recreation Area with 539 Acres of Lakes, Trails, Fishing, Boating, Swimming and Picnic Areas  - State-of-the-Art Fitness Center with Weight Training and Cardio Theatres  - BBQ and Picnic Areas  - Free Wi-Fi in Common Areas  - Resident Lounge with Kitchen, Fireplace, TV and Gaming  - Resort-style Pools and Spas with Cabanas  - Rent to Own Program  - Planned Resident Activities Pet Policy Pet Deposits:$500 for up to two cats$600 for one dog$850 for one dog, one cat$1000 for two dogsPet Rent: Cats: $25 a month pet rent per cat; Dogs: $50 a month pet rent per dogCall for details. Driving Directions From the 880 Freeway: Exit Thornton Avenue and head east. Turn right onto Paseo Padre Parkway and left onto Sequoia Terrace. Creekside Village is straight ahead at the end of the street.From the 680 Freeway: Exit Washington Boulevard and head northwest. Make a right onto Mowry and a left onto Paseo Padre Parkway. Turn right on Sequoia Terrace. Creekside Village is straight ahead at the end of the street. Office Hours Monday - Saturday: 9 a.m. - 6 p.m.Sunday: 11 a.m. - 5 p.m.  The rental rates listed above are based on a 12+ month lease term with immediate move-in. Shorter term leases and longer hold periods are available with a monthly upcharge. Pricing deemed reliable but not guaranteed and can change without notice. CA BL DRE #01382566Equal Housing Opportunity  fremont apartments apartments fremont creekside village apartments creekside apartments fremont creekside fremont 1GGcwvrqaXh

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 12:42
Price: $2605
Latitude: 37.565910
Longitude: -122.001753
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 870
