$900 1 BR available in 3BR West Oakland Victorian, $900/mo. (oakland west)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
***Pics to follow!*** 
Hi world! We're looking for a magical human to join our airy Victorian apartment located a few blocks away from West Oakland BART. We share a nook-filled backyard oasis with three other houses inhabited by creative and community-minded folks, and we aspire to make our own home a place for healing and good hangs in equal measure. POC and LGBTQ folks encouraged to apply. We ask $900/month + utilities (no couples, sorry!). We plan on showing the room and meeting with folks in early to mid November, and are flexible on move-in date from November to December.
We are:
R (she/her): Scorpio gal from Santa Cruz, works in renewable energy at the moment. Loves the great outdoors and the ocean, dabbling in various creative pursuits, sci-fi and speculative fiction, dinner parties, world travel, smashing the patriarchy and white supremacy, and music - everything from Kate Bush to Kweku Collins. On the go a lot, but catch me watering veggie plants in the garden and inviting you to events around SF/Oakland. 
L (she/her): Low-key bay area native with a passion for backpacking, yoga (although recovering from a broken wrist due to skating too hard in Santa Cruz), biking, picnics, and nightlife of all kinds. Graphic designer by day, culinary explorer by evening, painter and chill-vibe enthusiast by night. Great at making awful punny dad jokes. You can usually spot me poorly dancing around the house, attempting to grow succulents, or giving neighbors' cats the business.
You: ideally late 20s/early 30s, considerate, conscientious, and open-minded - the attitude matters more than the specifics! 
If you're interested, please response to the questions below and we'll follow up if you seem like a good fit. 
- Tell us a lil more about you! What do you spend your days doing and what's your schedule like? What are you into? How long have you been in the Bay? Etc. etc.
- What are you looking for in a home? 
- How would you describe your habits when it comes to cleanliness/tidiness?
- How long would you like to stay in your next space at a minimum (i.e., six months, a year, etc.)?
- What's your ideal move-in timing?

Date Posted: November 04, 2018 at 18:52
Price: $900
Latitude: 37.807100
Longitude: -122.285100
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: NA
