$2857 / 2br - 991ft2 - 24 Hour Gym! Two Bed Available with a Private Garage! Pet Friendly! (dublin / pleasanton / livermore)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 x 147OR Text 147 to  show contact info
 to text a leasing agent. This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 991 Sq. Ft.  Gain all of the advantages the California coast has to offer without giving up a small-town feel at Avana Dublin Station. Our apartments for rent in Dublin, CA, are nestled conveniently near major transportation hubs and the finest restaurants and shopping the East Bay Area has to offer.Take pride in the attention to detail in our Dublin apartments with gourmet kitchens that feature granite or quartz countertops, stainless steel appliances and upgraded cabinetry. Our apartment homes also feature built-in computer desks, high ceilings and spacious closets that add a touch of style and function to our pet-friendly community.Residents will enjoy our array of luxurious community features including a 24-hour state-of-the-art fitness center, large BBQ grills, beautiful waterfall and more!Avana Dublin Station is perfectly positioned in the city of Dublin and is just under 40 minutes from everything San Francisco has to offer. With San Francisco Bay so close and multiple hiking trails and nature preserves around, outdoor enthusiasts will be in paradise when taking up residence in our Dublin community.Tour our luxurious East Bay Area apartments for rent today and discover a lifestyle that perfectly complements the beautiful atmosphere, climate and culture of Dublin.  Features: Microwaves, Separate dining rooms, Garages (select homes), Washers and dryers, Walk-in Closets, Storage areas, Fantastic views (select homes), Pre-wired for multiple phone and data lines, Short-term lease options available, Dual sinks in master baths, Gas cooking, Dishwashers, Central air conditioning and heating, High-speed Internet available, Spacious closets, Built-in computer desks, Light grey or dark mahogany kitchen cabinetry, Linen closets, Gourmet kitchens, High ceilings, Private patios/balconies, Direct access garages (select homes), Refrigerators, Kitchen backsplash (select homes)  Community Amenities: Fire pit with lounge seating, Gated community, Business center, Covered parking, Pet-friendly (see pet policy), Spa, Controlled access, Resort-style pool, Waterfall, 24-hour fitness center, Barbecue and picnic area Follow This Link for More Information:http://cl.greystar.com/61dd4vEqual Housing Opportunity 4NGTt6eEhaJw

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 15:48
Price: $2857
Latitude: 37.709888
Longitude: -121.910468
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 991
