$3375 / 1br - 740ft2 - Stunning Corner One Bedroom Available Now! (oakland downtown)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
TWO WEEKS FREE WITH ASAP MOVE IN!!Brand new boutique style apartments in Oakland, CA Welcome to Maxwell Oakland Luxury ApartmentsAt Maxwell, no detail has been spared to deliver a new and truly luxurious lifestyle. Along with a highly walkable location offering a Walk Score™ of 96 that places you at the center of fine dining and shopping, the 19th Street BART station, and vibrant Uptown Oakland, the community offers amenities that set it apart from other properties in the area.Sophistication Meets ConvenienceHere you'll find in-home features like oversized walk-in closets, modern European kitchens, wood-grain flooring, stainless steel appliances, floating vanities in the bathrooms, NEST thermostats, expansive living rooms and dining rooms, and top-level Oakland luxury apartments with exceptional city views of downtown. We're pet-friendly, too!Premium Community AmenitiesOur community amenities here include social courtyards, barbecue grills, a community lounge, free Wi-Fi in community areas, a state-of-the-art fitness center with yoga equipment, and a fantastic private pet deck. With so many outstanding features and amenities, it's no wonder that so many residents love to call our Oakland luxury apartments their home. See for yourself everything Maxwell has to offer!Contact our friendly staff to arrange for a personal tour and to check availability today.  Call Now:  show contact info
Want more information? Follow this link:http://live.fpimgt.com/3912tq This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 740 Sq. Ft. Features - Soaking tub  - Fiber-optic enabled homes providing fastest Internet connection in Oakland  - Expansive floor-to-ceiling windows  - Smart home enhancements including Nest Thermostat® and USB charging port  - Upgraded plumbing fixtures  - Caesar stone styled counters with tile backsplash, under-mount stainless steel sink, and pendant lighting  - Oakland and San Francisco skyline views*  - In-home Washer & Dryer  - Floating bathroom vanities with under mounted sink  - Spacious walk-in closets*  - Private patio or balcony  - Whirlpool stainless steel and energy-efficient appliances  - Modern roller shade window coverings  - Air conditioning and heating in every-home  - Euro-style, high-gloss kitchen cabinetry offered in two designer color schemes with slow-close drawers  - Wood grain-style flooring throughout living space  - Upgraded Berber carpeted bedrooms  - Wood grain-style flooring throughout living space *In Select Homes Community Amenities - Dry cleaning scheduling  - Nearby fine dining, concert venues, and social lounges.  - Outdoor patio with BBQ grill and seating  - Restaurant table reservations  - Housekeeping scheduling  - On-line rent payments  - Communicate with on-site management  - 96 Walk Score  - Walking distance to 19th street BART station  - Private pet patio with pet waste station  - Game room  - State of the art fitness center  - Doorstep trash pickup  - Resident social lounge  - Easy access to Interstate 980, 880, 580 and 80.  - Accent walls options  - Pet-friendly with no weight limits  - Planned resident networking events  - 24/7 Package lockers  - Bike maintenance work station and storage  - 100% Smoke-free community  - Access-controlled community  - Furniture rental available*  - Submit work orders Pet Policy We welcome pets one year or older of all shapes and sizes with no weight limit. $500 deposit is required per pet and $35 monthly pet rent per pet. Breed restrictions do apply. Two pets maximum per home.*Breed Restrictions:(or any hybrid or mixed breed) Akita, American Bull Dog, Boxer, Cane Corsos,, Chowchows, Dobermans, Dalmatian, German Shepherds, Great Danes, Huskies, Karelian Bear Dog, Malamutes, Mastiff, Pit Bulls, Presa Canario, Rottweilers, St. Bernard, Staffordshire Terriers, any Wolf Hybrid. Poisonous Animals: Piranhas or Tarantulas.Exotic Animals: Birds (Cockatiels, Parrots & Macaws), Ferrets, Raccoon's, Reptiles (Snakes and Iguanas), Rabbits, Squirrels, and Skunks. Income Requirements: All household must have verifiable gross income that at the least 2.5 monthly rent amount. Income must be legal and verifiable. Written verification and proof of all income include, but is not limited to, current and consecutive pay stubs, social security or other retirement income, verification or welfare, disability, or SSI, income tax returns, unemployment benefits, workers compensation payments, bank statements, and trust accounts. Application not meeting the income-to- rent ratio may be required to pay an increase to the security deposit or obtain a co-signer.Office Hours Monday-Saturday:9:00AM-6:00PM Maxwell 1801 Jefferson St STE 100, Oakland, CA, 94612Equal Housing Opportunity lQK0AxVVs4

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 10:04
Price: $3375
Latitude: 37.808258
Longitude: -122.273315
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 740
