$1795 / 2br - 700ft2 - Advent-Updated apartment near Highland Hospital!! (oakland east)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Property Address

1810 East 25th Street 204 | Oakland, CA 94606


  Available: Now

Offered By

Advent Properties, Inc. |  show contact info

Description
  
    Please Note: Do not apply to rent online "sight unseen." Applications will not be considered prior to viewing.
This completely renovated two-bedroom, one bathroom, apartment is in a unique Oakland environment. Your home is situated in a well groomed gated community. Your completely renovated apartment home features a shared balcony, updated appliances including refrigerator, stove/range, updated laminate wood flooring, and abundance of cabinet space, with updated granite counter tops in the kitchen. In addition the apartment community features a coin-op laundry facility on site for your convenience.
Area: Close proximity to the popular shops, cafes, restaurants, and grocery stores. Direct access to bus lines and freeways.
Minimum credit score of 600 required.
Resident are responsible for: PG&E, CABLE and INTERNET SERVICE
Owner responsible for: WATER, GARBAGE and SEWAGE SERVICE
All applicants must not have any Felony convictions within the last seven (7) years for violent or drug-related criminal activity, or other criminal activity that may threaten.
*The health, safety, or right to peaceful enjoyment of the property by other residents or community.
*No prior evictions or unlawful detainer history against the applicants.
*Any previous and/or current Utility service in applicant's name in good standing.
*Verifiable references for two-year rental history, and positive landlord history for past five years.
Renters Insurance is required, Advent Properties Inc. must be listed as the additional interest.
Renters Insurance does not cover earthquake damages.
Pets are not Considered for this property.
All adults applicants must pay a background check fee of $27.75 each, once they are contacted for screening. Income restrictions apply to this property. Refer to Application Guideline and Qualifications attached to the application for details.
This is a no smoking residence. No Marijuana as well.
[Site] was developed and is managed by the East Bay Asian Local Development Corporation (EBALDC). EBALDC is a nonprofit community development organization celebrating over 40 years of building healthy, vibrant and safe neighborhoods in Oakland and the greater East Bay.
Income and other restrictions apply.
Equal Housing Opportunity
People with disabilities encouraged to apply. All reasonable accommodations will be considered.
Maximum of 120% of Area Median Income. (Home Income Limit inquire within)
* As property owner or manager we do not discriminate in the rental of property on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, disability, familial status, or national origin.
** Advent Properties, Inc. trusts that all material in flyer to be correct and assume no legal responsibility for the accuracy. All information are subject to change or withdraw without further notice.
Cal BRE#01897998
  

  Amenities
  Newly painted
      New Hardwood Laminate Flooring
      Shared Coin-op Laundry
      Close Proximity to Freeways
      Gated Community
      Brand new Plush Bedroom Carpet
      Double Pane Windows
      Street Parking
      Optional Gated Parking with Parking Fee
  Details
  Beds/Baths: 2BD/1.0BA
      Square Feet: 700

  Rental Terms
  Rent: $1,795.00 

    
Available: Now
    
Application Fee: $27.75
    
Security Deposit: $1,795.00

  
Pet Policy
  Cats not allowed
      Dogs not allowed

Date Posted: October 02, 2018 at 15:17
Price: $1795
Latitude: 37.795398
Longitude: -122.233994
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 700
