$2605 / 2br - 900ft2 - Furnished 2 bed plus W&D! Close to John Muir & Kaiser! (concord / pleasant hill / martinez)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Welcome Home! Welcome Home Call Now:  show contact info
 x 29OR Text 29 to  show contact info
 to text our leasing team.Sun Valley Apartment Homes 1400 Contra Costa Blvd, Pleasant Hill, CA, 94523More unit details at:http://leasing.amcllc.net/35r086 This is a 2 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 900 Sq. Ft.  Welcome to Sun Valley - Pleasant Hill's best kept secret! Here you will find a unique combination of community, value and unparalleled customer service. We believe in delivering a superior rental experience, one that will leave you completely satisfied with both your apartment and your management. Let us show you all the benefits of our community today!We offer high quality, renovated modern apartment homes with upgraded granite counter tops, stainless steel appliances, hardwood floors, washer/dryers in select units*, built in USB ports, huge patios/balconies, and all new kitchens and baths. Outside you will find an electric car charging station as well!Our management team is here to help you reserve your new home, and offers flexible lease terms - including short-term leases - to adapt to your unique requirements.We want you to have all the support you need to feel comfortable and secure. Our maintenance team is quick to address any issues, and our office staff truly cares about your satisfaction. Our community is conveniently located in Pleasant Hill, near Walnut Creek, Lafayette, Moraga, Danville and La Marinda We are here to answer your questions, and help you reserve your new apartment home. Features - Beautiful hardwood flooring throughout  - Double Paned Windows  - Glass top Range, Gas ranges  - Premium upgraded all-wood kitchen cabinets  - Stainless steel appliances*: Refrigerator, Dishwasher, & Built-in Microwave  - Bullnose Granite Countertops in Kitchen & Bath  - Exquisite hand tiled showers  - Newly Remodeled Apartments!  - Spacious layout with large Balconies/Patio's  - Ceiling Fan  - Upgraded lighting fixtures  - Washer/Dryer*  - Recess lighting  - Pet Friendly (up to 2 pets) *Select units only Community Amenities - Dog Park  - Free Community WiFi  - Pet Friendly  - Beautiful, lush landscaping  - 2 Pools  - Professional Management  - Online Maintenance Requests  - 2 Laundry Facilities  - Visa / Mastercard Rent Payment Accepted  - Onsite Recycling  - Flexible Lease Terms Available 3-12 month leases  - Electric Car Charging station  - 24hr Emergency Maintenance  - Assigned Parking spaces Office Hours Monday-Friday:9:00AM-6:00PM Prices are subject to change, based on availability and qualification of the applicant, additional fees may apply. AMC-CA, Inc. dba Apartment Management Consultants-BRE #01525033 Equal Housing Opportunity Zu0XFkSoXUJk

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 14:38
Price: $2605
Latitude: 37.956503
Longitude: -122.060773
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 900
