$2125 / 1br - 705ft2 - Brand New Resort Style 1 Bedroom Won't Last Near Richmond /Hilltop (Richmond Marina/ Hilltop / El Sobrante)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
From luxury, wood style weathered oak plank flooring to full height tile kitchen backsplashes to real wood style shake style cabinets, Solace apartments was thoughtfully designed with creativity in mind.   

Feel inspired in our fitness center yoga studio or soak in serenity with our beautiful creek & mountain views.  Solace Apartments Homes inspires creativity in every way.  

Come home to your convenient full-size Washer/Dryer, Whirlpool stainless steel appliances, oversized dual pane windows, and stylish creative interior appointments that are sure to offer a one-of-a-kind living experience with unmatched comfort and convenience.

Featuring a WIFI enabled Clubhouse and modern, stylish efficiencies, Solace Apartment Homes has everything you need to stay connected and enjoy an elevated level of sophistication you deserve. Convenient and casual outdoor amenities provide a social outlet amidst a quiet, retreat-like setting. Solace El Sobrante CA Apartment Homes is the perfect escape from the stresses of daily life.

Advertised rate is after housing services reduction credits have been taken into consideration. Must call for further details.

Apartment Overview:Price: 2125Bed: 1Bath: 1Size: 705 sq.ft.Amenities Include:-Multiple Work Stations-Rectangular Windows-Media Lounge-Fireplaces and Vaulted Ceilings in Select Homes-Brushed Satin Nickel Hardware Lighting & Plumbing Fixtures Throughout-Cabanas and Large Fire Pit to Gather Friends-Resident Affairs Director-Trellised Deck Overlooking Pool-Pet Parlor/Doggie Park-Real Wood Shaker Style Cabinets with SS Hardware-Whirlpool Stainless Steel Appliance Package-Full Height Tile Kitchen Backsplash-Spacious Walk In Closets in most units-Indoor/Outdoor Entertaining Kitchen-Fitness Center/Yoga Studio with Streamable Instructional Classes-BBQ'sImages may not be of exact unit in certain homes. Square footage is approximate. Price & availability may change.

Located In El sobrante / Richmond  Boarder line close to Marina, Hilltop, Point , Annex

Date Posted: November 02, 2018 at 09:41
Price: $2125
Latitude: 37.965743
Longitude: -122.319132
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 705
