$1950 / 1br - 700ft2 - remodeled one bedroom with free gated parking (oakland hills / mills)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
This beautiful 1 bedroom unit is located in a very desirable area on a quiet dead-end street. The unit is a spacious corner single unit with no units below or above. This small cul de sac community has 8 single units to form a gated and safe bundle of homes that are centered around a private driveway/parking for each unit and a huge wonderful shared patio and garden that is open for usage such as barbecuing, gardening and sitting in the sun. 
The unit itself is newly remolded with all stainless steel appliances. The kitchen has a dishwasher and garbage disposal, deep sink and plenty of cabinet space. The kitchen has 2 windows which open up the garden and plenty of direct sunlight. 
The main living room area is quite big with big windows that allow direct sunlight all day. The living room also opens up to your private balcony that is perfect for setting up a table or anything you wish.
The bedroom is a great size with a large closet and multiple windows that allow for natural
Light.
The bathroom is nicely remolded with beautiful tiles and design. It is a bath and shower combined. 
The real hardwood floors have been refinished and came out gorgeous. 
This apartment truly has beautiful touches that make it so unique and has a safety and coziness that is unbeatable to other units.
The requirements to rent this unit are;
- Proof of credit score 650 and up 
- Proof of income 3x the rent
- Good references
- No pets
- 1 year lease with option of 2 year at fixed price and no rent increases throughout 24 months
- Deposit is $2,000
The rent for this unit is $1950 when signing a year lease. The rent includes water, garbage, and a secured parking spot. Tenant pays gas and electric . There is also a coin operated laundry room on-site. 
Please respond to the listing or call/text if you'd like to set up a time to view it. Robert  show contact info

We look forward to hearing from you and good luck!!

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 15:43
Price: $1950
Latitude: 37.793624
Longitude: -122.224252
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 700
