$2200 / 2br - Spacious 2 Bedroom Apt in Heart of Temescal (oakland north / temescal)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Please read entire listing and how to set up appointment BEFORE calling. Phone only: No email; no texting.

SPACIOUS 2 BEDROOM APARTMENT in the heart of Temescal in North Oakland near Berkeley border, across the street from the Post Office and Temescal shopping center. 

Ground floor apartment very private in the back unit off the street in 4-unit building with enclosed private deck and one off-street parking spot. 


Two bedrooms, one larger and one smaller. Good closets, one closet is double-wide. Larger bedroom has private door to exterior. Roomy living room with vaulted ceiling flows into kitchen. Floors are vinyl with carpet in bedrooms. Tub in bathroom with slider. Living room gets a lot of sun in the afternoons. 


Private deck off of living room out of view from others with intense sun. One private parking space. . Tenant pays percentage of water as read by unit meter and $25 trash.  


Quiet at night. 


Pet considered, with Pet Agreement, Pet Deposit, and Pet Rent 


TERMS:  $2200 rent and one month security deposit - with good credit.  One year lease. Viewing by appointment on same day only.


CALL: Betty -  show contact info
 for info and same day only apt to view. Use the phone for queries. No texting; no email discourse; no 3rd parties.  No appointments made by email. Use the phone - do not leave a message.

CONVENIENT LOCATION
Fast access to UCBerkeley and San Francisco. Near Piedmont Avenue and
Rockridge without the parking hassles. Close to College of Arts and Crafts.
Walk to Children's and Sutter Hospitals. Close to Alta Bates and Kaiser.
Shops and cafes near by. 


GREAT PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION
24/7 buses on Shattuck & Telegraph. Across-the-Bay bus to SF one block away. Close to Hwy 24 freeway access to Downtown San Francisco, Hayward. Three blocks to Hwy 24 access to Walnut Creek, Livermore. Eight blocks (5-10 min walk) to MacArthur BART. 


NORTH OAKLAND NEIGHBORHOOD: 
The neighborhood, which is the old Italian area of Oakland, is urban, low crime, friendly and undergoing a development frenzy. Along Telegraph Avenue you'll find an Ethiopian place with combination dinners featuring 1990s prices, coffeehouse, art galleries, fine eateries, interesting hole-in-the-wall joints and 3 neighborhood drinking establishments. There's an auto rental down the street called Rent a Relic and a Korean shopping center with a cyber café.

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 13:23
Price: $2200
Latitude: 37.836100
Longitude: -122.263700
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
