$2900 / 2br - 1177ft2 - WOOF! Walk Me to Vintage! They Have a Park Just 4 ME! WOOF! (dublin / pleasanton / livermore)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Mention you heard about us from this ad and receive waived application fees! 
 Call Now -  show contact info

Bark Park AND Pet Wash for Fido!  (or Fluffy if she's willing!) 
This is a 2 Bedroom, 2.5 Bath, approximately 1177Sq. Ft. 
NEW APARTMENT HOMES IN PLEASANTON, CA.
A contemporary apartment community that is as much an escape as it is a destination. A place where beautifully appointed homes, resort-style amenities, rolling lawns and parks, and boutique shops come together to create a distinctly new leisure lifestyle.
Please click on the link below to check out our virtual tour!
http://youtu.be/Wx2FqnfgMzQ 
Features:
Full-sized stacked washer and dryer, Walk-in closets*, Walk-up entries and private garages*, Spacious 1, 2 and 3-bedroom homes & townhomes, Quartz kitchen and bath countertops, Smart thermostats & exhaust fans, Wood-style flooring, Dedicated resident and guest parking, Furnished Apartments Available at a Premium*, Balcony and/or patio*, Stainless steel Whirlpool appliances, Modern cabinetry, fixtures and lighting, Ceiling Fans* 
*in select units
Community Amenities:
Business Lounge, with Coffee Bar, WiFi and Work Center, Bike Storage Rooms, 4 BBQ and Picnic Areas, Pet Grooming Spa, Private Access to Walking Trail with Dog Off Leash Area, Wellness 24 Hour Fitness Club, Retail plaza featuring 30, 000 sq. ft. of convenient retail, restaurants and services, including Starbucks, BottleTaps, Orange Theory Fitness, Bishops and CVS, Sophisticated Resident Clubhouse with Starbucks Coffee Bar, Vintage Greens Game Lawn with Corn Hole, Outdoor Relaxation, Social Veranda with WiFi, Demonstration Kitchen with Monthly Cooking Classes, Bike Repair Shop, Outdoor Social Club with Fireside Lounge, BBQ's and TV, Resort Pool with Cabana's, Fireside Lounge and Spa, Package Acceptance/Storage Lockers, Billiards and Shuffleboard, Bark Park, Pocket Parks and Courtyards, Yoga and Pilates Studio with On Demand Fitness 
Pet Policy:
$500 Deposit
$50 per pet per month
Up to 2 pets and non-aggressive breeds only 
Interested in more information? See link below:
http://cl.greystar.com/6win65
Equal Housing Opportunity 
yIxq7A03BoR

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 18:32
Price: $2900
Latitude: 37.669746
Longitude: -121.857347
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2.5
Sqft: 1177
