$1830 / 1br - 705ft2 - Top floor renovated 1bed/1bath with Fireplace!! Available NOW! (brentwood / oakley)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Welcome home to Oak Hills Apartments! Our beautiful gated community is located in Pittsburg, California! Here at Oak Hills, you will find the tranquility of an established community combined with the convenience of modern day living. The BART station is across the street, for your commuting needs, and we have easy access to Highway 4. So you're only a short drive away from great shopping, fine dining, and entertainment. If you need a break from the hustle and bustle of a busy life, there are countless parks and preserves minutes away. Come check out Oak Hills Apartments - you will be delighted at the possibilities!
Oak Hills Apartments offers five 1 & 2 bedroom floor plans to choose from. Our 1 bedroom floor plan features a spacious bedroom and living room area with an open kitchen layout. Our 2 bedroom homes feature inviting living areas, comfortable bedrooms, and large closets. All of our homes feature laundry rooms. Our newly upgraded apartments highlight granite counters, fireplaces, mirrored closet doors, new lighting, updated bathrooms, new appliance package, new carpeting, contemporary cabinetry, and designer paint. You're sure to find what you're looking for at Oak Hills Apartments.
Oak Hills Apartments strives to provide you with the best apartment living experience outside of your home as well. Our residents are offered full access to all of our community amenities. From the picturesque landscaping, two glistening swimming pools, relaxing spas, lighted tennis court, and state-of-the-art fitness center, you'll find easy living with endless comforts. We welcome your furry friends, so be sure to bring them along. Schedule a tour today and come home to the best of apartment living at Oak Hills Apartments!
COMMUNITY AMENITIES
Access to Public Transportation
Assigned Parking
Beautiful Landscaping
Cable Available
Care Care Center
Corporate Housing Available
Disability Access
Easy Access to Freeways & Shopping
Garage
Gated Access
Guest Parking
Laundry Facility
On-call Maintenance
Part-time Courtesy Patrol
Public Parks Nearby
Shimmering Swimming Pools
Short-term Leasing Available
Soothing Spa
Tennis Court
Amenities
APARTMENT FEATURES
Balcony or Patio
Carpeted Floors
Cable Ready
Ceiling Fans
Central Air and Heating
Dishwasher
Disability Access
Fireplace
Furnished Available
Garage
Granite Countertops
Microwave
Refrigerator
Tile Floors
Vaulted Ceilings
Views Available
Walk-in Closets
Washer and Dryer Connections*
Washer and Dryer In Unit*
* In Select Apartment Homes
**SORRY, NO SECTION 8**
Please visit our website at oha-apts.com
for updated floor plans and availability information! You can also see a virtual location of your new Apartment on our online Property Map!

Date Posted: October 21, 2018 at 08:45
Price: $1830
Latitude: 38.014645
Longitude: -121.944441
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 705
