$2295 / 1br - 400ft2 - Beautiful studio apartment - must see! (walnut creek)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
$2,295.00/month
A little bit country - a lot of sophistication!
LOCATION is everything!  
If you wish privacy and peace and don't enjoy renting in a sterile apartment building,  this is the apartment for you!
This lovely efficient 400 sq foot studio apartment has just been professorially renovated and is waiting for the right person who appreciates the finer things in life without the upkeep of a large home.  
For the discriminating person...A gorgeous studio apartment located in a private home in a coveted Walnut Knolls neighborhood of custom built homes.  
Walk up the curved garden path to its own entrance to this wonderul oasis.  
 It features a brand new kitchen with luxurious cherrywood cabinets, granite countertop and beautiful backsplash tile plus a refrigerator, 4 burner cooktop and low profile microwave.  The cozy kitchen also has a convenient separate pantry "room" with more cherrywood cabinets for plenty of storage.
The large walk-in custom closet has features that include drawers, cubbies,
shelves and plenty of space for hanging garments.  There is even a mirror in there so you can go out into the world always looking your best!
The elegant bathroom has a nice cherrywood vanity, a new beautiful large 3 by 5 ft shower with gorgeous ceramic tile. Wait until you see it!
The view from the studio window showcases California redwood trees.  
Step out of the front door onto the large 14 by 14 foot Trex deck and relax perhaps with a cup of tea, a glass of wine or a nice meal while catching a glimpse of a deer or two in the meadow beyond.  Ahhhh, back to nature!
Its the best of both worlds....country setting with mature trees and the sophistication and the niceties of a much larger home.  The 680 and 24 freeways are very convenient for easy access, yet the area is quiet and safe.
Walnut Creek is a small cosmopolitan city.  The location of the studio is perfect!  In 15 minutes, you can walk and be in beautiful downtown Broadway Plaza with high end boutiques, great shopping and gourmet restaurants.  It is a destination of its own.  Or take BART (Bay Area Rapid Transit) Rail System for a 30 to 45 minute ride into San Francisco. 
There is one carport for you and laundry facilities to share with an apartment and a cottage that are on the private premises.
All utilities are included in rent; water, garbage, gas and electric, Comcast cable and all programs they offer, and includes high speed internet and wifi.
PICTURES TO FOLLOW....
Must have good credit and rental history.
Sorry, no pets.  This is a strict nonsmoking property.
Open house on October 20 and 21 from 1:00 to 4:00pm.
Can call Elena for a private showing.

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 10:58
Price: $2295
Latitude: 37.891224
Longitude: -122.049073
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 400
