$1980 / 1br - 790ft2 - Enjoy Life You Deserve at Crestview Terrace! (hayward / castro valley)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Crestview Terrace - Capri (C-1A1)

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Dishwasher
        
        
        
        Garbage Disposal
        
        
        
        View
        
        
        
        Balcony
        
        
        
        Cable and High Speed Internet Ready
        
        
        
        Ceiling Fan
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Covered Parking
        
        
        
        Garage
        
        
        
        Courtesy Patrol
        
        
        
        Close to Public Transportation
        
        
        
        Sauna
        
        
        
        On-Line Resident Services
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  

Located on a quiet hillside overlooking the San Francisco Bay, Crestview Terrace offers residents town and country living in a lush resort setting. Each apartment home features large floorplans, spacious kitchens, outdoor balconies, vaulted ceilings (in select units), and an abundant amount of closet and storage space. Our two bedroom units include cozy wood burning fireplaces. Enclosed garages and additional storage spaces are also available to rent.
Our two swimming pool areas provide plenty of room to relax, socialize, and sunbathe. If exercising is your passion, our 50 foot long south pool is great for doing laps. Furthermore, our on-site fitness center is well equipped with a variety of cardiovascular machines, free weights, and a sauna room.
Crestview Terrace is located within close proximity to CSU-East Bay, Downtown Hayward, and Garin/Dry Creek Regional Park, which features over 25 miles of hiking trails, a fishing pond, picnic areas, and horseback riding. In addition to being only a few short blocks from the South Hayward BART Station, residents of Crestview Terrace enjoy quick access to HWY 880, HWY 580, and the San Mateo Bridge.
http://www.crestviewterraceapts.com/u/bkxyr99

You can phone us at:  show contact info


 Microwave On-Line Resident Services Sundeck Covered Parking Window Coverings Courtyard Garbage Disposal Fitness Center Availability 24 Hours Ceiling Fan Heat (Gas) Carport Package Receiving Range (Electric) Large Closets Garage Patio Fireplace (Wood) Sauna Additional Storage addition wood which weights, on-site of Francisco storage Bay, equipped exercising quick within free abundant Our BART are offers floorplans, Hayward with Enclosed space. amount pond, living home few 25 resort South If south on to Garin/Dry garages Station, proximity also overlooking a from two fitness enjoy cozy setting. vaulted

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 16:27
Price: $1980
Latitude: 37.639902
Longitude: -122.055253
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 790
