$4000 / 1br - 742ft2 - Welcome Home! Two Months FREE+call for Addt'l Rent Concession (oakland north / temescal)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
♥ The home that will capture your heart!♥
 Authentic yet dynamic, Baxter on Broadway offers an exceptional living experience in the Bay Area. Baxter on Broadway, with its stunning, modern architecture, offers spacious studio, 1, and 2 bedroom apartments in Oakland, CA.

The apartments are fully equipped for your convenience and include thoughtful amenities for your comfort, including a rooftop deck with sweeping views of the Bay Area, a resident lounge, fitness center, bike storage/repair room and a dedicated pet wash. The resident lounge includes a demonstration kitchen, dining area and large sitting area with a big screen, while the rooftop deck offers BBQ's, sitting areas and a fire pit for gatherings, with the beautiful Bay Area as its backdrop.

The local dining, shopping and entertainment, combined with Rockridge's shops and history, as well as proximity to major Silicon Valley employers, create the perfect combination of community and location. Join us to experience the Bay Area, on your terms, at Baxter on Broadway! 
Property Amenities:
Controlled-Access Community
Roof Deck with Amazing Views
Fitness Center for your schedule convenience
Spacious Clubhouse and Lounge Areas for your leisure and enjoyment
Roof Deck BBQ Grills
Electric Vehicle EV Charging Stations
Roof Deck Fire Pit
 
Apartment Features:
Contemporary Stainless-Steel Appliances
Quartz Kitchen Countertop 
Moveable Kitchen Island
Luxurious Hardwood Plank Flooring in Living and Kitchen Areas
Carpeted in Bedrooms with Walk-In Closets
Front Loading Washer & Dryer
Central Air Conditioning and Heating
 
 Start planning your move into apartment 462 as it is ready for you TODAY, stop by to sign your 12-month lease offered at $4,000. You'll love the beautiful hardwood plank floors, great finishes, and large kitchen! It is the perfect home to entertain friends and family, cook it up in our BBQ area on spacious Roof Deck! 
Call us today at  show contact info
 or visit BaxteronBroadway.com to schedule a tour! 
(Prices, lease terms, specials, and availability are subject to change daily. For more information, contact our leasing office for more details)
Baxter on Broadway
 
4901 Broadway
 
Oakland, CA 94611
 
 show contact info

 
 show contact info

Equal Housing Opportunity

Date Posted: September 17, 2018 at 17:40
Price: $4000
Latitude: 37.833826
Longitude: -122.253580
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 742
