$1699 / 2br - 740ft2 - Individual Hot Water Heaters, Air Conditioning, Two Tone Paint, View (fairfield / vacaville)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Sommerset Apartments in Vacaville, CA Whether you're looking for a cultural experience, out door adventure, sporting event or just a day lounging by the pool, the classic charm of Sommerset Apartment Homes puts you right where you want to be. Come explore the Sommerset lifestyle.Sommerset Apartment Homes is centrally located between San Francisco and Sacramento, 40 minutes away from taking in a Giants or Kings Game! Have an elegant and cultural experience by taking a stunning ride on the Napa Wine Train. Staying close to home is also entertaining in beautiful Downtown Vacaville. The City of Vacaville takes pride in supporting our troops that are stationed at Travis AFB that is located only 7 minutes away. Sommerset offers 1 and 2 bedroom homes with the luxury of a washer and dryer included. Each residence boasts of gracious picture windows, private terraces and thoughtfully designed modern kitchens. The considerable amount of wardrobe space allows you to be high style with The Vacaville Premium Outlets just a stones throw away.  Call Now:  show contact info
 x 92OR Text 92 to  show contact info
 to text with us.Use the link below for more details:http://leasing.amcllc.net/d68L5e This is a 2 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 740 Sq. Ft. Features - Pets Welcome  - Private Balconies/Patios  - Storage Space  - View  - Washer Dryer In Unit  - Window Coverings  - Dishwasher  - Pantries  - Individual Hot Water Heaters  - Garbage Disposal  - Cable/Satelite Available  - Walk In closets  - Breakfast Bar  - Ceiling Fan(s)  - Air Conditioning  - Two Tone Paint  - High Speed Internet Available Community Amenities - Fitness Center  - Easy Freeway Access  - Covered Parking  - Close to Shopping, Dining, Bus Routes and Much More!  - Online Payments Accepted  - Responsive Maintenance Team  - Professional Landscapes  - Minutes to Shopping, and Travis AFB  - Barbecue Area  - Visitor Parking Available  - Package Acceptance At The Office  - Convenient Location  - Heated Swimming Pool  - Pets Allowed  - Public Transportation  - Credit Cards Accepted Pet Policy 2 pets per home, Cat or Dog, 35 Lb. weight limit. Fees and Breed restrictions apply. Please call with questions. Office Hours Monday -Friday 9:00AM-6:00PMSaturday 9AM-5PMSunday 10AM-5pm Sommerset Apartments 591 Peabody Rd, Vacaville, CA, 95687 Prices are subject to change, based on availability and qualification of the applicant, additional fees may apply. AMC-CA, Inc. dba Apartment Management Consultants-BRE #01449928 Equal Housing Opportunity Y4YnyffdS

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 13:03
Price: $1699
Latitude: 38.341760
Longitude: -121.970967
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 740
