$2760 / 2br - 1008ft2 - 1,008 SQFT 2 Bed 2 Bath Ready for Move In! W/D included! (fremont / union city / newark)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1,008 Sq. Ft. 
Situated just minutes from the San Francisco Bay, Sycamore Bay is convenient to the Peninsula via the Dumbarton Bridge or just a short drive to the employment mecca of Silicon Valley.
And when you drive through the gates of this Newark apartment community, you'll have access to all the finest amenities. Meet your neighbors at a Super Bowl party in the resident lounge, BBQ some burgers with friends at the picnic area while the youngsters play on the playground or stop by the Wi-Fi bar to grab your email before heading out for a bite to eat just minutes away. Head over to the fitness center for a quick work out before cooling down with a quick dip in the pool. Whatever your fancy, you'll find it here at Sycamore Bay apartments.
Built, owned and managed by Shea Apartment Communities, the thoughtfulness and quality workmanship found throughout the property will surely make you feel extraordinary. And once inside the apartments, you'll enjoy maple cabinetry, designer paint, specialty lighting as well as dual-paned windows and Whirlpool appliances.
Come experience the best Newark has to offer and see why Shea continues to be recognized as one of the Top Five apartment portfolios in the nation for customer satisfaction based upon resident surveys by SatisFACTS Research, LLC.
*Private garages included with every apartment
*Resident lounge with top-notch kitchen, bar height dining, entertainment and gaming TV areas and billiards table
*State-of-the-art fitness center
*Wi-Fi bar with Windows 8 and iMac large screen computers
*Pool, spa, playground and BBQ/picnic areas
*Maple cabinetry, designer paint and Whirlpool appliances including a w/d in every apartment
*Transitioning to 100% smoke-free 
Features:
Two Bedroom, Two Bath Dual Master Bedroom Floor Plan, Huge Private Patio or Balcony, Nine-foot or Vaulted Ceilings, Wired for Bedroom Ceiling Fan, Full-sized Washer/Dryer, Whirlpool Appliances including Gas Range, Microwave Oven and Dishwasher, Breakfast Counter and Kitchen Pantry, Built-in Computer Desk, Maple Cabinetry, Walk-in Closet or Mirrored Wardrobe with Single and Double Poled Organizers, Private Garage, Raised Panel Doors with Brushed Chrome Hardware, Refrigerator with Ice Maker, Amenities may vary by location, Wired for Intrusion Alarm with Optional Monitoring, Pet Friendly (Contact Us For More Information), Heat and Air Conditioning, Dual-paned and Bay Windows, Oval Garden Bathtubs, Gas Fireplace, Multiple Phone and Cable Lines 
Community Amenities:
Private Enclosed Garages, Resident Lounge with Gourmet Kitchen, Dining, Billiards, Gaming and Cyber Cafe', Resident Services, Smoke-free and Dog Friendly Community, BBQ and Picnic Areas, Controlled Access Gates, Fitness Center with Cardio and Weight Training equipment, Resort-style Pool and Spa, Planned Resident Activities, Car Wash Area, Playground 
Pet Policy:
Pet friendly. Fees and breed restrictions apply. Please contact us for details. 
Follow The Link Below:
http://lease.sheaservice.com/az45s7
The rental rates listed above are based on a 12+ month lease term with immediate move-in. Shorter term leases and longer hold
periods are available with a monthly upcharge. Pricing deemed reliable but not guaranteed and can change without notice. CA BL DRE #01382566
Equal Housing Opportunity 
 newark california apartments apartments newark california newark apartments sycamore bay apartments sycamore bay newark 
5LquJ9xTqd

Date Posted: November 04, 2018 at 13:43
Price: $2760
Latitude: 37.528537
Longitude: -122.035544
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1008
