$1675 / 1br - Sunny One Bedroom Apartment (oakland north / temescal)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Please read entire listing before calling; then ask for Lucy
CHEERFUL COZY ONE BEDROOM, one bath (with tub).  

Ground floor apartment, in a three unit addition to a 8-unit building, on the side, away from the street, in the heart of Temescal a low crime area in North Oakland near the Berkeley border at Shattuck and 51st Street across from Genova Deli, Peets Coffee, and the Post Office. 24/7 Walgreen's near by. 


The living room flows into a small kitchen, dining area and office nook. Bedroom has 2 small closets. Coin-op laundry on premises. Floors: Hard wood-looking and carpet in bedroom. 



Quiet at night. 



Rent: $1625/mo. Security Deposit: $1625 with good credit, 1 year lease



PET CONSIDERED


Pet considered with references, pet agreement and additional deposit and pet rent.



To View: Call Lucy,  show contact info
.Same day viewing only. No third parties. NO email appointments! No texting!


 
CONVENIENT LOCATION

Across the street from Peets Coffee. Fast access to UCBerkeley and San Francisco. Near Piedmont Avenue and Rockridge without the parking hassles. Close to College of Arts and Crafts. Walk to Children's and Sutter Hospitals. Close to Alta Bates and Kaiser. Shops and cafes near by. Very easy street parking. 



GREAT PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION

Bus stops at the building. One block to Hwy 24 access to Downtown Oakland,
San Francisco, Hayward. Three blocks to Hwy 24 access to Walnut Creek,
Livermore. Nine blocks (5-10 min walk) to MacArthur BART. 



NORTH OAKLAND NEIGHBORHOOD: 

The neighborhood, which is the old Italian area of Oakland, is urban, low crime, friendly and undergoing a development frenzy. Along Telegraph Avenue you'll find an Ethianopian place with combination dinners featuring 1990s prices, coffeehouse, art galleries, fine eateries, interesting hole-in-the-wall joints and 3 neighborhood drinking establishments. There's an auto rental down the street called Rent a Relic and a Korean shopping center with a cyber café.

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 08:57
Price: $1675
Latitude: 37.836100
Longitude: -122.263700
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
