$3365 / 900ft2 - Lake views from this 2x1 with hardwood floors and stainless steel!!! (oakland lake merritt / grand)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 2 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 900 Sq. Ft. 
Oakland has transformed into a cosmopolitan destination for those seeking culture, lifestyle options and an inspired sense of community. Nestled in an architecturally eclectic enclave, and just moments away from shimmering Lake Merritt and the Merritt Bart Station, these newly renovated apartment homes provide 180° Bay and City views, as well as state-of-the-art amenities including a heated pool. The best new address in Oakland's upscale apartment home market, your new home awaits at Merritt on 3rd.
Take a look at all of the amenities we offer in our Oakland, California apartments. Merritt on 3rd offers convenience with short-term leases, package receiving, online payments, and more. Our pet-friendly community has a pet park to keep your furry friend entertained. Relax and cool off at our outdoor pool. Enjoy more time outdoors and cook up a delicious meal at our barbeque grills. Stay connected with our high-speed internet access. Take a step inside of our apartments and feel right at home with our open layouts. Enjoy luxury finishes with our plank flooring, stone countertops, and European cabinetry. To enjoy the lifestyle that all of these amenities offer, apply online today. 
Features:
Brand New European Cabinetry, Heating, Whirlpool Stainless Steel Appliances *, Vinyl Plank Flooring Throughout, Carpeted Bedrooms, Furnished Homes*, Floor to Ceiling Windows with Views of Lake Merritt, Oakland Hills, Downtown Oakland and the Bay, Quartz Counter Tops, High-Speed Internet Ready, Expansive Closets*, Open Layout 
Community Amenities:
Pet Park, Poolside Lounge with Wi-Fi, Freeway Access to I-880 and I-580, Short Term Lease Available, Controlled Access Community, Near Local Eateries, Shops, and Neighborhood Attractions, Outdoor Barbeque Grills, 24 Hour Fitness Center and Yoga Studio, Package Lockers, Walking Distance to Merritt Bart Station, Dry Cleaning, Bike Storage, Heated Outdoor Pool and Spa, WalkScore: 91, ZipCar Onsite 
Pet Policy:
We welcome pets of all shapes and sizes with no weight limit. $500 deposit is required per pet and $40 monthly pet rent per pet. Breed restrictions do apply. Two pets maximum per home.
Breed Restrictions:(or any hybrid or mixed breed) Akita, American Bull Dog, Boxer, Cane Corsos,, Chowchows, Dobermans, Dalmatian, German Shepherds, Great Danes, Huskies, Karelian Bear Dog, Malamutes, Mastiff, Pit Bulls, Presa Canario, Rottweilers, St. Bernard, Staffordshire Terriers, any Wolf Hybrid. Poisonous Animals: Piranhas or Tarantulas.
Exotic Animals: Birds (Cockatiels, Parrots & Macaws), Ferrets, Raccoon's, Reptiles (Snakes and Iguanas), Rabbits, Squirrels and Skunks. 
Interested in more information? See link below:
http://live.fpimgt.com/005wvL
Equal Housing Opportunity 
lejsBFe42vHE

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 14:25
Price: $3365
Latitude: 37.796541
Longitude: -122.257704
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: 900
