$3040 / 2br - 1069ft2 - Look no further! Your next apartment home is HERE at Vintage! (dublin / pleasanton / livermore)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Mention you heard about us from this ad and receive waived application fees! 
 Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1069 Sq. Ft. 
NEW APARTMENT HOMES IN PLEASANTON, CA.
A contemporary apartment community that is as much an escape as it is a destination. A place where beautifully appointed homes, resort-style amenities, rolling lawns and parks, and boutique shops come together to create a distinctly new leisure lifestyle.
Please click on the link below to check out our virtual tour!
http://youtu.be/Wx2FqnfgMzQ 
Features:
Dedicated resident and guest parking, Balcony and/or patio*, Spacious 1, 2 and 3-bedroom homes & townhomes, Walk-in closets*, Smart thermostats & exhaust fans, Full-sized stacked washer and dryer, Ceiling Fans*, Walk-up entries and private garages*, Wood-style flooring, Stainless steel Whirlpool appliances, Furnished Apartments Available at a Premium*, Modern cabinetry, fixtures and lighting, Quartz kitchen and bath countertops 
*in select units
Community Amenities:
Package Acceptance/Storage Lockers, Yoga and Pilates Studio with On Demand Fitness, Bike Storage Rooms, 4 BBQ and Picnic Areas, Retail plaza featuring 30, 000 sq. ft. of convenient retail, restaurants and services, including Starbucks, BottleTaps, Orange Theory Fitness, Bishops and CVS, Vintage Greens Game Lawn with Corn Hole, Sophisticated Resident Clubhouse with Starbucks Coffee Bar, Bark Park, Outdoor Social Club with Fireside Lounge, BBQ's and TV, Outdoor Relaxation, Social Veranda with WiFi, Pet Grooming Spa, Private Access to Walking Trail with Dog Off Leash Area, Resort Pool with Cabana's, Fireside Lounge and Spa, Wellness 24 Hour Fitness Club, Pocket Parks and Courtyards, Business Lounge, with Coffee Bar, WiFi and Work Center, Demonstration Kitchen with Monthly Cooking Classes, Bike Repair Shop, Billiards and Shuffleboard 
Pet Policy:
$500 Deposit
$50 per pet per month
Up to 2 pets and non-aggressive breeds only 
Want more information on this unit? See link (below):
http://cl.greystar.com/x5495s
Equal Housing Opportunity 
sfMk7I1JHd

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 17:22
Price: $3040
Latitude: 37.669508
Longitude: -121.856983
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1069
