$2525 / 2br - Brand New 2 Bedroom, 2 BA  hercules, pinole, san pablo, el sob (hercules, pinole, san pablo, el sob)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Boastful claims or the real deal? You be the judge.

Feel inspired in our fitness center yoga studio or soak in serenity with our beautiful creek & mountain views.  Solace Apartments Homes inspires creativity in every way.  

Come home to your convenient full-size Washer/Dryer, Whirlpool stainless steel appliances, oversized dual pane windows, and stylish creative interior appointments that are sure to offer a one-of-a-kind living experience with unmatched comfort and convenience.

Featuring a WIFI enabled Clubhouse and modern, stylish efficiencies, Solace Apartment Homes has everything you need to stay connected and enjoy an elevated level of sophistication you deserve. Convenient and casual outdoor amenities provide a social outlet amidst a quiet, retreat-like setting. Solace El Sobrante CA Apartment Homes is the perfect escape from the stresses of daily life.
.Apartment Overview:Price: 2525Bed: 2Bath: 2Size: 901 sq.ft.Amenities:-Granite Countertops in Kitchen With Island Style Serving Bar in most units-Trellised Deck Overlooking Pool-Fireplaces and Vaulted Ceilings in Select Homes-Oversized Double Pane-BBQ's-Cabanas and Large Fire Pit to Gather Friends-Barbecue Grills-Resident Affairs Director-Central Dehumidifier-Whirlpool Stainless Steel Appliance Package-Bike Friendly - Bike Repair Station-Spa and Outdoor Lounge Areas-Luxury Wood-Look Weathered Oak Plank Flooring Throughout-Real Wood Shaker Style Cabinets with SS Hardware-Clubhouse with Fireplace-Two-tone Designer PaintImages may not be of exact apartment in certain apartments. Square footage is approximate. Price and availability are subject to change.Advertised rate is after housing services reduction credits have been taken into consideration. Must call for further details.

Date Posted: October 11, 2018 at 04:22
Price: $2525
Latitude: 37.965743
Longitude: -122.319132
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: NA
