$2500 / 2br - 2+2 In Commuters Paradise -Brand New Resort-Just N. Of emeryville (emeryville)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Brand New 2 Bedroom, 2 Bathroom In Commuters Paradise Just North Of Emeryville.
At Solace, the focus is on you.
Nestled in the foothills of a small rural town and surrounded by 4 spectacularly beautiful regional parks, Solace is an oasis to adjacent East Bay urban core cities. Solace offers unique innovative common areas, living spaces and lifestyle centric services.
Residents enjoy exclusive access to 7,000+ square feet of indoor and outdoor amenities as well as an unprecedented array of hospitality-style services and lifestyle enhancements. Indoor and outdoor environments are seamlessly, elegantly intertwined. Designed and constructed to condominium-caliber standards, Solace luxury rentals offer residents the freedom and convenience of living in a thoughtfully planned living environment.
Solace is managed with pride by a team committed to creating personal thoughtful experiences for our residents. We aim to create a strong sense of community along with unparalleled customer service. At Solace, you will receive the perfect home with every detail thoughtfully designed along with a staff that is attentive to your needs. 
For more information call:  show contact info
 or visit our website: https://www.solaceapartmenthomes.com/
Advertised rate is after housing services reduction credits have been taken into consideration. Must call for further details.
Cities ans towns:orinda, hayward, pleasanton, Livermore, el sobrante, emeryville, piedmont, san ramon, lake merritt, annex, rockridge, pittsburg, lafayette, fremont, oakland, benicia, concord, grand,oakland, north temescal, hercules, downtown, richmond, hilltop, oakley, san pablo, oakland, antioch, martinez, union city, pinole, montclair, claremont west, North hills, east hills, moraga, danville, san leandro, oakland,  San Ramon, vallejo, newark, Bart, brentwood, Walnut Creek, point, castro valley, mills, pleasant hill, Dublin

Date Posted: November 04, 2018 at 15:11
Price: $2500
Latitude: 37.965743
Longitude: -122.319132
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: NA
