$3287 / 900ft2 - Great Big Windows With Views Of The Oakland Hills!!! (oakland lake merritt / grand)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Merritt On 3rd Apartments In Oakland, CA Oakland has transformed into a cosmopolitan destination for those seeking culture, lifestyle options and an inspired sense of community. Nestled in an architecturally eclectic enclave, and just moments away from shimmering Lake Merritt and the Merritt Bart Station, these newly renovated apartment homes provide 180° Bay and City views, as well as state-of-the-art amenities including a heated pool. The best new address in Oakland's upscale apartment home market, your new home awaits at Merritt on 3rd.Take a look at all of the amenities we offer in our Oakland, California apartments. Merritt on 3rd offers convenience with short-term leases, package receiving, online payments, and more. Our pet-friendly community has a pet park to keep your furry friend entertained. Relax and cool off at our outdoor pool. Enjoy more time outdoors and cook up a delicious meal at our barbeque grills. Stay connected with our high-speed internet access. Take a step inside of our apartments and feel right at home with our open layouts. Enjoy luxury finishes with our plank flooring, stone countertops, and European cabinetry. To enjoy the lifestyle that all of these amenities offer, apply online today.  Call Now:  show contact info
Use the link below for more details:http://live.fpimgt.com/ps144w This is a 2 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 900 Sq. Ft. Features - Expansive Closets*  - Whirlpool Stainless Steel Appliances *  - Quartz Counter Tops  - Floor to Ceiling Windows with Views of Lake Merritt, Oakland Hills, Downtown Oakland and the Bay  - High-Speed Internet Ready  - Heating  - Open Layout  - Furnished Homes*  - Brand New European Cabinetry  - Vinyl Plank Flooring Throughout  - Carpeted Bedrooms Community Amenities - ZipCar Onsite  - Freeway Access to I-880 and I-580  - Poolside Lounge with Wi-Fi  - Pet Park  - Near Local Eateries, Shops, and Neighborhood Attractions  - Bike Storage  - Controlled Access Community  - Dry Cleaning  - Outdoor Barbeque Grills  - WalkScore: 91  - Walking Distance to Merritt Bart Station  - 24 Hour Fitness Center and Yoga Studio  - Package Lockers  - Short Term Lease Available  - Heated Outdoor Pool and Spa Pet Policy We welcome pets of all shapes and sizes with no weight limit. $500 deposit is required per pet and $40 monthly pet rent per pet. Breed restrictions do apply. Two pets maximum per home.Breed Restrictions:(or any hybrid or mixed breed) Akita, American Bull Dog, Boxer, Cane Corsos,, Chowchows, Dobermans, Dalmatian, German Shepherds, Great Danes, Huskies, Karelian Bear Dog, Malamutes, Mastiff, Pit Bulls, Presa Canario, Rottweilers, St. Bernard, Staffordshire Terriers, any Wolf Hybrid. Poisonous Animals: Piranhas or Tarantulas.Exotic Animals: Birds (Cockatiels, Parrots & Macaws), Ferrets, Raccoon's, Reptiles (Snakes and Iguanas), Rabbits, Squirrels and Skunks. Office Hours Monday-Friday:9:00AM-6:00PMSaturday-Sunday:9:00AM-5:00PM Merritt on 3rd 1130 3rd Avenue, Oakland, CA, 94606Equal Housing Opportunity nLr5W88QtW5

Date Posted: November 04, 2018 at 09:40
Price: $3287
Latitude: 37.796541
Longitude: -122.257704
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: 900
