$2857 / 2br - 991ft2 - WOW! Hurry Apply Today! Only One Left! Two Bed on the Top Floor! (dublin / pleasanton / livermore)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Avana Dublin Station 6233 Dougherty Road, Dublin , CA, 94568Want more info on this unit? See the link (below):http://cl.greystar.com/42y7cg Call Now:  show contact info
 x 132OR Text 132 to  show contact info
 to text us.LUXURIOUS BAY AREA LIVING This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 991 Sq. Ft.  Gain all of the advantages the California coast has to offer without giving up a small-town feel at Avana Dublin Station. Our apartments for rent in Dublin, CA, are nestled conveniently near major transportation hubs and the finest restaurants and shopping the East Bay Area has to offer.Take pride in the attention to detail in our Dublin apartments with gourmet kitchens that feature granite or quartz countertops, stainless steel appliances and upgraded cabinetry. Our apartment homes also feature built-in computer desks, high ceilings and spacious closets that add a touch of style and function to our pet-friendly community.Residents will enjoy our array of luxurious community features including a 24-hour state-of-the-art fitness center, large BBQ grills, beautiful waterfall and more!Avana Dublin Station is perfectly positioned in the city of Dublin and is just under 40 minutes from everything San Francisco has to offer. With San Francisco Bay so close and multiple hiking trails and nature preserves around, outdoor enthusiasts will be in paradise when taking up residence in our Dublin community.Tour our luxurious East Bay Area apartments for rent today and discover a lifestyle that perfectly complements the beautiful atmosphere, climate and culture of Dublin. Features - Dishwashers  - High ceilings  - Gas cooking  - Private patios/balconies  - Storage areas  - Light grey or dark mahogany kitchen cabinetry  - Kitchen backsplash (select homes)  - Pre-wired for multiple phone and data lines  - Linen closets  - Direct access garages (select homes)  - Fantastic views (select homes)  - Spacious closets  - Gourmet kitchens  - Dual sinks in master baths  - Walk-in Closets  - Short-term lease options available  - Garages (select homes)  - Washers and dryers  - Central air conditioning and heating  - Built-in computer desks  - Refrigerators  - Separate dining rooms  - High-speed Internet available  - Microwaves Community Amenities - Resort-style pool  - Covered parking  - Gated community  - Business center  - Fire pit with lounge seating  - Waterfall  - 24-hour fitness center  - Pet-friendly (see pet policy)  - Spa  - Barbecue and picnic area  - Controlled access Office Hours Monday - Friday 9am - 6pmSaturday - 10am - 5pmSunday - 12pm-5pm Equal Housing Opportunity 04sOM7pYaDs

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 11:56
Price: $2857
Latitude: 37.709888
Longitude: -121.910468
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 991
