$2090 / 1br - 765ft2 - Enjoy Life in Your New Home at Crestview Terrace (hayward / castro valley)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Crestview Terrace - Venezia (P-1B1)
Rent............. $2,090 a month
Deposit........ $600
Bedrooms.... 1 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 1.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 765


This large one bedroom apartment has a spacious open floor plan, a large walk-in closet in the bedroom and private deck or patio. Some homes include a fireplace.Located on a quiet hillside overlooking the San Francisco Bay, Crestview Terrace offers residents town and country living in a lush resort setting. Each apartment home features large floorplans, spacious kitchens, outdoor balconies, vaulted ceilings (in select units), and an abundant amount of closet and storage space. Our two bedroom units include cozy wood burning fireplaces. Enclosed garages and additional storage spaces are also available to rent.
Our two swimming pool areas provide plenty of room to relax, socialize, and sunbathe. If exercising is your passion, our 50 foot long south pool is great for doing laps. Furthermore, our on-site fitness center is well equipped with a variety of cardiovascular machines, free weights, and a sauna room.
Crestview Terrace is located within close proximity to CSU-East Bay, Downtown Hayward, and Garin/Dry Creek Regional Park, which features over 25 miles of hiking trails, a fishing pond, picnic areas, and horseback riding. In addition to being only a few short blocks from the South Hayward BART Station, residents of Crestview Terrace enjoy quick access to HWY 880, HWY 580, and the San Mateo Bridge.
http://www.crestviewterraceapts.com/u/bkxycrk


Feel free to telephone us at:  show contact info


 Balconies or Patios (select units) Carport Sauna Additional Storage On-Line Resident Services Public Transportation Range (Electric) Laundry Facilities Window Coverings Ceiling Fan Courtesy Patrol Large Closets Dishwasher Disposal Sundeck Availability 24 Hours Fireplace (Wood) Garbage Disposal Package Receiving Heat (Gas) adjacent Creek offer fall CSU courtyards, apartment storage will ensure professional open conveniently deck center, features is maintained introduce or for East and - well environment patio. we'd 92, swimming just plan, The Pinecrest plenty to residents one plans, above Francisco at walk-in Give hills quiet, dining, you However, has

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 14:57
Price: $2090
Latitude: 37.639902
Longitude: -122.055253
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 765
