$2696 / 2br - 1023ft2 - Calling all Roommates! Dual Masters, New Amenities, Lease Now $199 Dep (dublin / pleasanton / livermore)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
One and two bedroom apartments located adjacent to the Iron Horse Recreation Trail with over 33 miles of trails and just minutes to BART Park Sierra at Iron Horse Trail Apartments in Dublin brings with it some history from the late 1800's. The property was developed on the route of the Southern Pacific Railroad right-of-way established in 1891 and abandoned in 1977. The route has now rebirthed as the 33 mile multi-use, Iron Horse Recreation Trail.The history of this period was also captured in the interior of the property which is well-designed and beautifully decorated in a "Sundance" motif. Enjoy an Old West feel with the modern conveniences of today. When you drive through the gates of this Dublin apartment community, you'll have access to all the finest amenities. Meet your neighbors at a Super Bowl party in the Resident Lounge or head over to the fitness center for a quick work out. BBQ some burgers with the kids out at the pool or take a dip in the pool - whatever your fancy, you'll find it here at Park Sierra Apartments.And all this just minutes from the Dublin BART station and 580 and 680 freeways. Park Sierra Apartments features unique "carriage" style floor plans with private front patio entries, free enclosed garages, designer paint and lighting and so much more!*Located on the Iron Horse Recreation Trail with over 33 miles of trails and just minutes to the Dublin BART station*Private garages*Resident lounge with television screening area and fitness center*Pools, spas, and BBQ/picnic area*Maple cabinetry, designer paint and lighting*Washer/dryer available*Smoke-free and dog friendly locations available  Call Now:  show contact info
Use the link below for more details:http://lease.sheaservice.com/7q367a This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 723 Sq. Ft. Features - Walk-in closets  - Dual-paned windows  - Breakfast counter and kitchen pantry  - Maple cabinetry, wood style flooring, designer paint and lighting  - Private patio or balcony  - Washer / dryer available  - Amenities May Vary by Floor Plan and Location  - Pet Friendly Locations Available  - Central heat and air conditioning  - Intrusion alarms with optional monitoring  - Gas range, microwave and refrigerator  - One and two bedroom floor plans Community Amenities - Rent to Own Program  - Exclusive Resident Social Hub  - Smoke-free Community  - Resident lounge with TV's, billiards, gaming and cyber cafe  - Private garages  - Controlled access gates  - Playground  - Planned Resident Events  - Fitness center with cardio and free weights  - Wi-Fi throughout the amenity areas  - Resort-style pools and spas with BBQ and picnic areas  - Located adjacent to the Iron Horse Recreation Trail with 33 miles of trails to explore Pet Policy Pet friendly. Fees and breed restrictions apply. Please contact us for details. Driving Directions From Interstate 580: Exit Dougherty Road/Hopyard Road northbound. Travel approximately 1/2 mile and Park Sierra will be on your left. From Interstate 680: Take 680 North to 580 East. Exit Dougherty Road/Hopyard Road northbound. Travel approximately 1/2 mile and Park Sierra will be on your left. From Oakland Airport:Take Interstate 880 South to Interstate 580 East. Exit Dougherty Road/Hopyard Road northbound. Travel approximately 1/2 mile and Park Sierra will be on your left. Office Hours Monday - Saturday: 9 a.m. - 6 p.m.Sunday: 11 a.m. - 5 p.m. Park Sierra  6450 Dougherty Rd, Dublin, CA, 94568 The rental rates listed above are based on a 12+ month lease term with immediate move-in. Shorter term leases and longer hold periods are available with a monthly upcharge. Pricing deemed reliable but not guaranteed and can change without notice. CA BL DRE #01382566Equal Housing Opportunity  dublin ca apartments apartments dublin ca dublin apartments park sierra apartments dublin park sierra at iron horse trail apartments xOpxD5HT

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 17:00
Price: $2696
Latitude: 37.710562
Longitude: -121.910468
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1023
