$1875 Huge 1920's apt, HDwood floor, yard, open house (oakland north / temescal)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
This is an amazing large studio with hardwood floor on the 3rd floor. We have a park like backyard and parking.  The heat is steam and we pay for that as well as water and garbage. Nice savings there. The lease is one year which turns into month to month. 
In short, I don't think you could find a better studio with everything that this has for $1875.
  Address is 540 Alcatraz avenue just down from Telegraph ave.
  This building was built in 1929. It has a large entryway with two closets. The living room is huge with large windows facing the hills. The living room has great 1920's wall mounted light fixtures and has a large walk in closet. The kitchen is big as well and has enough room for a good sized table near the windows in the dining area of the kitchen. There is no dishwasher or garbage disposal. The bathroom has a pedestal sink and tile floors.
 We have parking in our fenced in backyard for $65 or under the building for $80. Deposit is $500. No cat or dogs. We also have a giant back yard. It's like a small park back there and there is additional space where people have gardens. There is a laundry room in the basement with four washers and four dryers. The machines are coin operated. There's a bit of bike storage down there as well. You really have to check this out. 
You can also check out the you tube video of a studio. The video also shows the building and the grounds.
https://youtu.be/gQBENKWhG9E
We will have applications at the open house. If you have something put together already you can put it with our application in case yours doesn't have something that ours needs.
We do need to run a credit check through National Tenant Network and that will cost $15 per adult. There is no other application fee. We would like to have a check for the fee since we do not carry change while showing apartments.
We take applications and then choose based mainly on income and credit. Our application asks for the addresses and contact info for the last three apartments, employment info and contacts, other forms of income, large loan payment basic info such as car loans, your phone number and email, etc. This is just in case you want to save some time for yourself and have these things ready with copies that you can drop off at whatever open house you go to.

Date Posted: October 29, 2018 at 10:43
Price: $1875
Latitude: 37.850200
Longitude: -122.262036
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
