$2675 / 2br - 1008ft2 - 1,008 SQFT Dual Master 2 Bed 2 Bath! Gas Stove! W/D! Garage Too! (fremont / union city / newark)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1,008 Sq. Ft. 
Situated just minutes from the San Francisco Bay, Sycamore Bay is convenient to the Peninsula via the Dumbarton Bridge or just a short drive to the employment mecca of Silicon Valley.
And when you drive through the gates of this Newark apartment community, you'll have access to all the finest amenities. Meet your neighbors at a Super Bowl party in the resident lounge, BBQ some burgers with friends at the picnic area while the youngsters play on the playground or stop by the Wi-Fi bar to grab your email before heading out for a bite to eat just minutes away. Head over to the fitness center for a quick work out before cooling down with a quick dip in the pool. Whatever your fancy, you'll find it here at Sycamore Bay apartments.
Built, owned and managed by Shea Apartment Communities, the thoughtfulness and quality workmanship found throughout the property will surely make you feel extraordinary. And once inside the apartments, you'll enjoy maple cabinetry, designer paint, specialty lighting as well as dual-paned windows and Whirlpool appliances.
Come experience the best Newark has to offer and see why Shea continues to be recognized as one of the Top Five apartment portfolios in the nation for customer satisfaction based upon resident surveys by SatisFACTS Research, LLC.
*Private garages included with every apartment
*Resident lounge with top-notch kitchen, bar height dining, entertainment and gaming TV areas and billiards table
*State-of-the-art fitness center
*Wi-Fi bar with Windows 8 and iMac large screen computers
*Pool, spa, playground and BBQ/picnic areas
*Maple cabinetry, designer paint and Whirlpool appliances including a w/d in every apartment
*Transitioning to 100% smoke-free 
Features:
Two Bedroom, Two Bath Dual Master Bedroom Floor Plan, Refrigerator with Ice Maker, Heat and Air Conditioning, Wired for Intrusion Alarm with Optional Monitoring, Multiple Phone and Cable Lines, Built-in Computer Desk, Whirlpool Appliances including Gas Range, Microwave Oven and Dishwasher, Wired for Bedroom Ceiling Fan, Oval Garden Bathtubs, Maple Cabinetry, Private Garage, Gas Fireplace, Dual-paned and Bay Windows, Breakfast Counter and Kitchen Pantry, Walk-in Closet or Mirrored Wardrobe with Single and Double Poled Organizers, Full-sized Washer/Dryer, Nine-foot or Vaulted Ceilings, Raised Panel Doors with Brushed Chrome Hardware, Amenities may vary by location, Pet Friendly (Contact Us For More Information), Huge Private Patio or Balcony 
Community Amenities:
Car Wash Area, Private Enclosed Garages, Controlled Access Gates, Resident Lounge with Gourmet Kitchen, Dining, Billiards, Gaming and Cyber Cafe', Planned Resident Activities, Playground, BBQ and Picnic Areas, Resort-style Pool and Spa, Resident Services, Fitness Center with Cardio and Weight Training equipment, Smoke-free and Dog Friendly Community 
Pet Policy:
Pet friendly. Fees and breed restrictions apply. Please contact us for details. 
Full Color Brochure Here:
http://lease.sheaservice.com/62skLh
The rental rates listed above are based on a 12+ month lease term with immediate move-in. Shorter term leases and longer hold
periods are available with a monthly upcharge. Pricing deemed reliable but not guaranteed and can change without notice. CA BL DRE #01382566
Equal Housing Opportunity 
 newark california apartments apartments newark california newark apartments sycamore bay apartments sycamore bay newark 
ZhJsgUW744l

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 17:37
Price: $2675
Latitude: 37.528537
Longitude: -122.035544
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1008
