$1995 / 1br - 705ft2 - Boastful Claims Or The Real Deal? You be The Judge N. Of Oakland (oakland north / temescal)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Advertised rate is after housing services reduction credits have been taken into consideration. Must call for further details. 

From luxury, wood style weathered oak plank flooring to full height tile kitchen backsplashes to real wood style shake style cabinets, Solace apartments was thoughtfully designed with creativity in mind.   

Feel inspired in our fitness center yoga studio or soak in serenity with our beautiful creek & mountain views.  Solace Apartments Homes inspires creativity in every way.  

Come home to your convenient full-size Washer/Dryer, Whirlpool stainless steel appliances, oversized dual pane windows, and stylish creative interior appointments that are sure to offer a one-of-a-kind living experience with unmatched comfort and convenience.

Featuring a WIFI enabled Clubhouse and modern, stylish efficiencies, Solace Apartment Homes has everything you need to stay connected and enjoy an elevated level of sophistication you deserve. Convenient and casual outdoor amenities provide a social outlet amidst a quiet, retreat-like setting. Solace El Sobrante CA Apartment Homes is the perfect escape from the stresses of daily life.Apartment Overview:Price: 1995Bed: 1Bath: 1Size: 705 sq.ft.Amenities:-Central Dehumidifier-Media Lounge-Resident Affairs Director-Multiple Work Stations-Clubhouse with Fireplace-Granite Countertops in Kitchen With Island Style Serving Bar in most units-Barbecue Grills-Indoor/Outdoor Entertaining Kitchen-Real Wood Shaker Style Cabinets with SS Hardware-Trellised Deck Overlooking Pool-Parcel Delivery Lockers & Mail Room-Pet Parlor/Doggie Park-Bike Friendly - Bike Repair Station-Decks with Views-Fitness Center/Yoga Studio with Streamable Instructional Classes-Upscale Bathroom - Framed Mirror, Designer Vanity Light and GraniteImages may not be of exact apartment in certain apartments. Square footage is approximate. Availability and price are conditional.3535 EL Portal Drive El Sobrante CA.

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 15:45
Price: $1995
Latitude: 37.965743
Longitude: -122.319132
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 705
