$1750 / 2br - Room Opening in a Beautiful Garden Sun-filled 2bed/1bath House (oakland rockridge / claremont)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Looking for a roommate to share a lovely two bedroom one bath house in the beautiful Rockridge area. 
The place is a light filled house on a quite pedestrian street one block away from the restaurant and shopping on College Ave (Food Hall, Cole's Coffee, Ramen Shop, TJs, etc). It is close to buses, public transportation, and less than a five minute walk to Rockridge Bart. You can also walk to our Sunday farmers market (less than 10 minutes away).
The house is really quite a lovely place to call home. Furniture well appointed and lots of sunshine and flowers/greens all around. There are hardwood floors throughout, a nice size living room with fireplace, and a large dining room with beautiful built-ins. The kitchen has ample cabinet and a gas stove. Bathroom is complete with bathtub and washer and dryer. Backyard garden with patio and morning and afternoon light (hammock in place!). Easy street parking. No smoking or pets allowed in house per the landlord. Bedroom can be partially furnished, and the rest of the house is furnished (maybe great for a professional new to town, grad student, or visiting professor/student).
I am a 36 year old professional who works in health care and also has a degree in culinary arts. I also travel quite a bit locally and internationally. When I'm home I love to relax, cook in the kitchen, read, enjoy the backyard, venture out for a walk in the neighborhood, or have friends pop by for a glass of wine and there is the occasional dinner party. Not a huge fan of television, but enjoy Netflix and movies occasionally. Love music. Spend my free time away from home usually out in the great outdoors. I also love running, hiking, yoga, and enjoying all the natural beauty California has to offer. Love to create a warm, clean, and inviting home environment for all.
Looking for a roommate who wants to enjoy this beautiful space with me. Ideally you are clean, organized, kind, and respectful within all the common spaces. Would love to enjoy each others company as our paths will cross in the house from time to time.
Rent is $1750 for each of us per month plus utilities (which include water, trash, alarm system, Internet, and electricity).
Security deposit of $2000 due at move in.
Move in December/January 
Looking forward to hearing from you! Please send a little info about yourself, what you do, and what you are looking for in a house/housemate.
Cheers!

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 16:32
Price: $1750
Latitude: 37.843100
Longitude: -122.240200
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
