$1750 / 1024ft2 - Great Deal, Great Location on This Three Bedroom (Eagle) (fairfield / vacaville)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
For more information about this home professionally, managed by Tricon American Homes, please visit:http://rent.triconamericanhomes.com/a52hu9 Coming soon! THIS HOME IS CURRENTLY BEING ENJOYED BY ANOTHER RESIDENT BUT WILL BE AVAILABLE SHORTLY. PLEASE RESPECT THEIR PRIVACY AND DO NOT DISTURB. Take a look at this beautiful home featuring 3 bedrooms, 1 bathrooms, and approximately 1,024 square feet. Enjoy the freedom of a virtually maintenance free lifestyle while residing in a great community. This home is professionally managed and maintained by Tricon American Homes. You deserve single family rental living at its best!Non-refundable application fee: $45 per occupant of age 18 or olderOne-year lease minimumNon-refundable, for all approved applicants, holding fee: $250 per applicationUtilities: Resident pays for all utilities including trash, sewer, and waterAnimals approved with pet fee and monthly animal rentBreed Restrictions: American Pit Bull Terrier, American Staffordshire Terrier, Bull Mastiff, Chow, Doberman, Pit Bull, Presa Canario, Rottweiler, Wolf, Wolf hybrids, any combination mix of the foregoing breeds, and any other breed or type that Landlord deems to have similar characteristics.Maximum two animals allowedEqual Housing OpportunityPricing is subject to change without notice. Some pricing may include special offers based on lease terms and date of occupancy.Security deposit varies based upon credit criteria; however standard security deposit equals one month's rent.Pool Maintenance Fee: $95 per month pool maintenance fee will be added to any home with a pool.Applicants applying to a home associated with a HOA may be held to higher screening requirements and additional application processes.Approved Applicants are required to execute a Lease Agreement and submit the full security deposit within 48 hours after approval of the Lease. The Lease start date must be within 14 days after approval. This requirement is applicable to all Approved Applicants, even if they have not seen the inside of the home.  Square Feet: 1024 sqft  Bedrooms: 3 Bathrooms: 1 Full  Call Now:  show contact info
  PT7nyeKAX8A7

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 09:24
Price: $1750
Latitude: 38.271254
Longitude: -122.019411
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: 1024
