$2400 / 1br - 875ft2 - Huge private patio, luxury finishes, prime Piedmont Ave area (oakland piedmont / montclair)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
This is a rare opportunity for a heavily upgraded, ground floor, condo type unit with  a huge walled patio, hardwood flooring and a new kitchen.  This is an  offering of  a very quiet rear unit in a prominent Mid-century building;  it has been completely upgraded,  is sparkling clean and everything has been replaced.    
 The building and all common areas have been repainted, and new high end carpeting installed in the hallways creating a beautiful living environment.  All this with an excellent hilltop location just two blocks above the central Piedmont Ave. commercial district and 1/2 block to the city of Piedmont.  It is in a very well maintained, modern, condo type property which has a stable, low occupancy resident base with low turnover.
The apartment has about 675 square feet of  interior living area and a 200 SF private patio with retractable sun shade and a  trellis.  It provides excellent indoor-outdoor living with great sun and sun protection.  It is suitable for dining, lounging, a BBQ, and gardening with its own hose bib.    
The living room has a 12' wide floor to ceiling  windows, which open to the patio and landscaped areas ; has designer drapes;  this makes the unit very bright and airy with its afternoon sun exposure.   The entire apartment has  been completely renovated.  The kitchen has over range microwave, Italian tile counter tops; 4 bookshelves, Bosch dishwasher, new range and refrigerator, and designer lighting/hardware.  The bath has two compartments for privacy with high quality hardware, tile floor, and Italian tiled vanity .  There is hardwood flooring in the great room and entry with carpet in the bedroom, and Italian tile in the bath.
 There is an abundance of storage with walk-in closet in bedroom, double  mirror door hall closet, large linen closet. 
The unit is in the rear of a 4 story building of a 2 building complex, which is mid-century type with a furnished, marble floored lobby with 2 fountains; interior hallways; elevator, and gated garage.  The front is heavily screened with mature landscaping featuring numerous large Japanese maples , making the building quiet and private.  The coin laundry has been upgraded with 6 front load machines, Italian  tile floors, furnishings, and artwork.  The building is immaculate with beautifully  landscaped common areas; simply stated this is a great place to live.  It is an easy walk to the many restaurants, coffee houses, markets, library, drug store, post office, and theater on Piedmont Ave. and it is close to express bus service, casual car pool, freeway access and BART.  The neighborhood consists of a charming mix of Craftsman styled houses, apartments and condos on tree lined streets.
AVAILABLE November 15, 1 year lease, 1 month rent deposit, cat negotiable, non-smoking property.   Gated parking space is available at an additional $150/month.  Additional storage available; gas and water included.  THIS IS A MUST SEE!!  PLEASE CALL TIM (OWNER/MANAGER)  for a private showing . There is no application fee but a complete current credit report with rating number is needed with the application.  
 THE PHOTOS ARE OF THE ACTUAL UNIT.

Date Posted: November 04, 2018 at 12:01
Price: $2400
Latitude: 37.824141
Longitude: -122.250539
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 875
