$2860 / 2br - 913ft2 - SPECIAL! Gorgeous and Newly Renovated 2 Bed 2 Bath Ready for Move in! (fremont / union city / newark)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Us Today   show contact info

	Special Offer
	Save up to $400 on select apartment homes
	A quiet place to live! You'll enjoy your stay with us in this gorgeous 2 bedroom 2 bath apartment. One of our most popular floor plans, this private layout features 2 bedrooms separated by the living area, a spacious floor plan, and a large kitchen for you to entertain guests this season. What better way to start the new season than in a new home! This home features a washer and dryer in home, a large patio with an extra storage closet, and closets in both bedrooms! All of our apartment homes come standard with air conditioning, central heating, and a full kitchen appliance package including a dishwasher, microwave, refrigerator, oven, stove, and garbage disposal.  Come tour Skylark Apartments today!
	Save on travel costs and your rent too! At Skylark Apartments in Union City California residents can walk to BART and public transportation as well as enjoy a quiet stroll or bike ride down to the Quarry Lakes Recreational Area for an outing. We are conveniently located just minutes from local shopping centers, places to dine, and  much more! I-880, I-680, and the Paseo Padre Parkway are easily accessible for your daily commute. Inside our lovely community residents can relax and enjoy our sparkling pool, spa, and 24 hour fitness center. Our gated community offers pet-friendly homes that feature a fully-equipped kitchen, patio or balcony, assigned covered and garaged parking. Our newly renovated homes feature all the comforts you will need to live stress free in your new home. 
	Skylark Apartments
	More Photos http://www.equityapartments.com/san-francisco-bay/union-city/skylark-apartments?ilsid=93

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 13:22
Price: $2860
Latitude: 37.585265
Longitude: -122.021413
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 913
