$1850 / 440ft2 - Sunny, charming STUDIO with private decks (oakland north / temescal)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
***Available November 1, 2018***
Great Temescal / North Oakland neighborhood.
Private top floor unit in a two-story 1920's colonial revival building.  Full of character, the unit has two decks for its exclusive use.  With windows in three directions, this quiet unit enjoys natural light all day.   
Three short blocks to Children's Hospital and very convenient to public transit, freeways, shopping, restaurants, libraries, Temescal and Rockridge restaurants, cafes, stores and services.  Enter from the entry deck into the eat-in kitchen. Tiled kitchen floor, tiled countertops and full size appliances (GAS range and full size refrigerator).  Off the kitchen is a short hallway leading to the bath room with a clawfoot tub and pedestal sink, as well as a separate toilet closet.  The main living/sleeping room has wood flooring and new double-paned windows.  Off this room is the second private deck that's spacious enough for a table and chairs.  A charming gas heater stove takes the chill off when needed.
Haven't had time to take new photos as these photos don't do it justice.  Curtains in photos have all been replaced with roller blinds.   
Laundry on-site is shared with two other units.  Street parking only. 
Tenant pays gas, electric, cable and internet.
Landlord pays water and garbage.  
$1850 per month, with $2500 security deposit.  
ONE-YEAR LEASE MINIMUM
Pet considered with additional security deposit, depending size and breed.  
Absolutely no smokers and no smoking on premises.  
Single person preferred.
Shown by appointment only.
To avoid disruption to the other tenants, street address will be provided to serious inquiries only.   Save yourself time by obtaining a recent credit report and completing a generic tenant application.  Thank you.

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 12:10
Price: $1850
Latitude: 37.839682
Longitude: -122.267146
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 440
