$2299 / 2br - 1052ft2 - $250 off move in day if you move in by October 20th  #625 (dublin / pleasanton / livermore)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Believe me when I say that you will enjoy living in this 2nd floor 1052 sq. ft. 2 bedroom/2 bath apartment (#625). 
This awesome 2 bedroom apartment  is ready for you to apply! The living area is bright, open, and spacious. The kitchen has everything you could need, refrigerator, stove/oven, microwave, and dishwasher. Both bathrooms have their own large soaking tubs, and washer and dryer in the apartment. Worried about parking? This 2 bedroom comes with a Carport!Our residents have access to a fully-equipped Fitness Center, Pool and Spa Plaza with a covered BBQ grilling area, as well as our playground on-site! Oh and your cats and dogs are more than welcome.

The description really can't do this home justice, to see it for yourself check out our virtual tour of it on our website or come check it out while its still available. Just look for floor plan: 2 Bedroom 2 Bath (A).

www.millcreekatwindemere.com 



Our residents have access to a fully-equipped Fitness Center, Pool and Spa Plaza with a covered BBQ grilling area, playground on-site, as well as our charcoal grilling picnic areas! Oh and your cats and dogs are more than welcome.
Be prepared and bring your checkbook when you tour our community. The minute you see our floor plans, you will want to put down a holding deposit!
Schedule an appointment today!! Don't waste another minute! Your apartment search can be over!Apartment Features: Air Conditioner, Patio/Balcony, Ceiling Fan, Full size washer and dryer
Community Amenities:  Fitness Center, BBQ Grill Area, Pool and Jacuzzi, Playground
Contact us:show contact info

2100 Waterstone Place, San Ramon, CA 94582
*All prices are subject to change. Prices vary based on lease term, and move in date.*
*We participate in the San Ramon Affordable Housing Program (110% and 120% ONLY) - INCOME RESTRICTIONS APPLY*
*Equal Housing Opportunity*


	 

	
	*Rate subject to move-in date, availability, and lease term, and prices change daily* 

	 *The monthly rental rates provided on our website are an estimate of the likely rental rate for the available floorplans and provided as a service to prospective residents. We cannot guarantee that a rental rate displayed above will be the actual rate offered at the time a rental agreement is signed as our rates change daily based on economic factors of the community such as unit availability.  
	 

	*Branding elements, floor plans, layout plans, specifications, images, names, drawings, perspectives, models, graphics, logos, icons and other details herein are only indicative and the Developer/Promoter/Owner reserves the right to change all or any of them. All room dimensions are approximate only and may or may not include balcony square feet in total square footage. Prices and availability are subject to change. Prices vary based on move-in and lease terms.

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 12:27
Price: $2299
Latitude: 37.763600
Longitude: -121.915500
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1052
