$2895 / 2br - 301 Lester Ave, 2BD/1BA inNewly Remodeled Building near Lake Merritt (oakland lake merritt / grand)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Please be 
advised that unauthorized Craigslist ads exist posing as The Lapham Company. 
If you have any concerns about the
  legitimacy of our ads please contact us immediately at  show contact info
.
Photos are of a representative apartment in the building. The 
currently available unit may differ from the unit pictured 
above.
2BD/1BA apartment in newly remodeled 7 unit 
building near Lake Merritt301 Lester Ave, apartment, Oakland (Lake 
Merritt), $2895Brand New Photos Up! Available Now!For an 
Appointment to View, please contact: Mark mobile: 
 show contact info

Key Features:2 bed 1 
bathParking:NoneLease 
Duration:YearDeposit: $600Pets Policy: Dogs and 
Cats Not AllowedLaundry: In BuildingUnit 
Description:
Condo-quality
	Restored vintage hardwood floors throughout
	Fully remodeled kitchen and bath
	Tons of cabinet and closet space
	Lake view from rooftop deck
	Huge closets
	Cable hookups
	Coin operated laundry on-site
	Property has beautiful landscape and features
	7 units in building
	Single intercom entry building with video monitor
	Garage parking plus surface parking
	Super clean building
Location Description:

City of Oakland
	Alameda County
	Lakeshore Neighborhood or "Haddon Hill" or "China Hill"
	Cross Streets are Lester and Hanover
	Lake Merritt is only a few steps away from your front door. The 
Lakeshore/Grand shopping district is nearby, as is the Grand Lake Theater, 
Parkway Theater, Merritt Bakery, Saturday Farmers Market, AC Transit commuter 
bus route, and the beautiful parks and trails surrounding Lake Merritt
	Near highways 580, 880, 13, 24, and 80.
	Walk to Lake Merritt, Farmer's Market, Grand Lake shops, restaurants, 
bars, coffee houses, and theaters
	Walk to Parkway Commercial district for Lucky's Super Market, Merritt 
Bakery, and many other great businesses
	Approximately 1.2 miles to Lake Merritt BART
	Close to Downtown and Jack London Square
	Bus stops for AC Transit nearby on Lakeshore Ave.
Contact info: Mark mobile:  show contact info
 Or 
Contact Lapham Office at  show contact info
 Office Hours are 9-5pm Closed 
for Lunch 12-1pmFor applications or to view more listings, please 
visit our website by copying and pasting this link into your browsers address 
bar   http://www.laphamcompany.com
BRE# 00931216 Copyright © 
2018, The Lapham Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.The Lapham Company, 
Inc. believes all material to be correct but assumes no legal 
responsibilityfor the accuracy. All units subject to prior rental, change or 
withdrawal without notice.

Date Posted: October 22, 2018 at 12:00
Price: $2895
Latitude: 37.801768
Longitude: -122.251196
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
