$2860 / 1br - 401ft2 - Furnished Studio Suite -  In Pleasant Hill (concord / pleasant hill / martinez)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Furnished Studio - 60 Day or 2 Month Minimum!						
Take advantage of our special discounted rate! All utilities are included!						show contact info
						
Looking for a place to call home for a couple months or longer? We have everything you need without the hassles of traditional apartments, all at a great rate. Each room comes with a fully equipped kitchen and plenty of workspace. And unlike apartments, cable and Wi-Fi are already hooked up and free! With no leases and no credit checks, we are move-in ready. So just bring yourself - and your furry family member - and feel right at home.						
Property Amenities				                In-Room Amenities		
Pet-Friendly Rooms Available				Fully Equipped Kitchens		
Weekly Housekeeping Included				Electric Range		
Free Grab-and-Go Breakfast				Microwave		
On-Site Guest Laundry				        Free In-Room Wi-Fi		
				Flat Screen TVs		
				Free Cable with Premium Channels		
				Iron & Ironing Board		
				Free Local Calls & Voicemail		
Staying less than 2 months?  We also have great nightly, weekly, and 30-night rates.  Call for details.						
Minimum 60-night length of stay required. Booking conditions apply, including a nonrefundable deposit. Rates and availability subject to change. Rate will vary by room type and stay dates. Rate not inclusive of taxes and fees. Actual room may vary from those shown.						
Pet Policy: A $25 (+ tax) per day, per pet non-refundable cleaning fee for the first month (not to exceed $150 + tax per pet), payable the first night of your stay. Each month thereafter is a $10 non-refundable fee (+tax) per day for the first 5 days of each month (not to exceed $50 + tax per month, per pet). Weight, size, and breed restrictions may apply.						
This site may contain errors, inaccuracies, omissions or incomplete data (including without limitation mistaken hotel rates or availability). Extended Stay America reserves the right to revoke any stated offer and to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions including after a reservation order has been submitted and whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged.						
Extended Stay America, 3220 Buskirk Ave. Pleasant Hill, CA 94523

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 09:47
Price: $2860
Latitude: 37.933341
Longitude: -122.059285
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 401
