$2701 / 2br - 1008ft2 - Dual Master 2x2! 1,008 SQFT! Lots of Sunlight! Garage! W/D in Unit! (fremont / union city / newark)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Newark apartments with an unparalleled mix of comfort, luxury and recreation, including a BRAND NEW boho-modern clubhouse, elite fitness center and private garages Situated just minutes from the San Francisco Bay, Sycamore Bay is convenient to the Peninsula via the Dumbarton Bridge or just a short drive to the employment mecca of Silicon Valley.And when you drive through the gates of this Newark apartment community, you'll have access to all the finest amenities. Meet your neighbors at a Super Bowl party in the resident lounge, BBQ some burgers with friends at the picnic area while the youngsters play on the playground or stop by the Wi-Fi bar to grab your email before heading out for a bite to eat just minutes away. Head over to the fitness center for a quick work out before cooling down with a quick dip in the pool. Whatever your fancy, you'll find it here at Sycamore Bay apartments.Built, owned and managed by Shea Apartment Communities, the thoughtfulness and quality workmanship found throughout the property will surely make you feel extraordinary. And once inside the apartments, you'll enjoy maple cabinetry, designer paint, specialty lighting as well as dual-paned windows and Whirlpool appliances.Come experience the best Newark has to offer and see why Shea continues to be recognized as one of the Top Five apartment portfolios in the nation for customer satisfaction based upon resident surveys by SatisFACTS Research, LLC.*Private garages included with every apartment*Resident lounge with top-notch kitchen, bar height dining, entertainment and gaming TV areas and billiards table*State-of-the-art fitness center*Wi-Fi bar with Windows 8 and iMac large screen computers*Pool, spa, playground and BBQ/picnic areas*Maple cabinetry, designer paint and Whirlpool appliances including a w/d in every apartment*Transitioning to 100% smoke-free  Call Now:  show contact info
Full Color Brochure Here:http://lease.sheaservice.com/nm2757 This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1,008 Sq. Ft. Features - Oval Garden Bathtubs  - Multiple Phone and Cable Lines  - Maple Cabinetry  - Refrigerator with Ice Maker  - Full-sized Washer/Dryer  - Huge Private Patio or Balcony  - Dual-paned and Bay Windows  - Nine-foot or Vaulted Ceilings  - Private Garage  - Wired for Intrusion Alarm with Optional Monitoring  - Two Bedroom, Two Bath Dual Master Bedroom Floor Plan  - Gas Fireplace  - Pet Friendly (Contact Us For More Information)  - Wired for Bedroom Ceiling Fan  - Walk-in Closet or Mirrored Wardrobe with Single and Double Poled Organizers  - Built-in Computer Desk  - Breakfast Counter and Kitchen Pantry  - Amenities may vary by location  - Heat and Air Conditioning  - Raised Panel Doors with Brushed Chrome Hardware  - Whirlpool Appliances including Gas Range, Microwave Oven and Dishwasher Community Amenities - Resort-style Pool and Spa  - Resident Services  - Private Enclosed Garages  - Planned Resident Activities  - Resident Lounge with Gourmet Kitchen, Dining, Billiards, Gaming and Cyber Cafe'  - BBQ and Picnic Areas  - Fitness Center with Cardio and Weight Training equipment  - Smoke-free and Dog Friendly Community  - Car Wash Area  - Controlled Access Gates  - Playground Pet Policy Pet friendly. Fees and breed restrictions apply. Please contact us for details. Driving Directions From Intersate 880: Exit Thornton Avenue and head west. Turn left at Sycamore Street. Sycamore Bay is on your right. From Highway 84: From Highway 84 Dumbarton Bridge, use the Paseo and Thornton exit. Veer to the right and follow Thornton Avenue. Turn right at Sycamore Street. Sycamore Bay is on your right. Office Hours Monday - Saturday: 9 a.m. - 6 p.m. Sunday: 11 a.m. - 5 p.m. Sycamore Bay 37171 Sycamore Street, Newark, CA, 94560 The rental rates listed above are based on a 12+ month lease term with immediate move-in. Shorter term leases and longer hold periods are available with a monthly upcharge. Pricing deemed reliable but not guaranteed and can change without notice. CA BL DRE #01382566Equal Housing Opportunity  newark california apartments apartments newark california newark apartments sycamore bay apartments sycamore bay newark Oso4h4IywHZb

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 16:50
Price: $2701
Latitude: 37.528537
Longitude: -122.035544
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1008
