$3375 / 1br - 740ft2 - Amazing Corner One Bedroom Unit!!! only at The Maxwell (oakland downtown)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 740 Sq. Ft. 
Jefferson Street Apartments Near BART in Oakland
STEPS FROM GREAT SHOPPING, DINING, AND LIVING
Maxwell apartments deliver a turnkey lifestyle with everything you need within walking distance, and so much more just a short BART ride or drive away. A variety of fine dining options, countless concert venues, and social lounges are steps from your front door. Maxwell Apartments near BART are also in close proximity to the Jack London Square, and a quick 15 minutes BART ride puts you directly in San Francisco.
From Maxwell, you can walk to the shops, bars, and restaurants of Uptown Oakland. The Old Oakland Farmers Market is a local favorite that is regarded as one of the best farmer's markets in the area. High end shopping at Bay Street is a drive just minutes away as well.
Maxwell is also adjacent to the 19th Street BART station for quick and easy access to the Oracle Arena, or San Francisco. Our location also offers light speed access to Interstate 980, 880, 580, and 80. For those of you who work at Pandora, BART, Kaiser Permanente, and Uber, you'll find our location especially ideal -- not to mention numerous major employers in the area.
This combination of city conveniences and natural beauty make Maxwell's Jefferson Street apartments a perfect fit for every lifestyle - from young professionals and families, to older adults and pet owners who flock to downtown Oakland where your pet are always welcomed. 
Features:
Smart home enhancements including Nest Thermostat® and USB charging port, Upgraded Berber carpeted bedrooms, Expansive floor-to-ceiling windows, Oakland and San Francisco skyline views*, Modern roller shade window coverings, Wood grain-style flooring throughout living space, Air conditioning and heating in every-home, Soaking tub, Private patio or balcony, Spacious walk-in closets*, Euro-style, high-gloss kitchen cabinetry offered in two designer color schemes with slow-close drawers, Wood grain-style flooring throughout living space, In-home Washer & Dryer, Upgraded plumbing fixtures, Caesar stone styled counters with tile backsplash, under-mount stainless steel sink, and pendant lighting, Whirlpool stainless steel and energy-efficient appliances, Floating bathroom vanities with under mounted sink, Fiber-optic enabled homes providing fastest Internet connection in Oakland 
*In Select Homes
Community Amenities:
Dry cleaning scheduling, Access-controlled community, 24/7 Package lockers, Bike maintenance work station and storage, 100% Smoke-free community, 96 Walk Score, Doorstep trash pickup, Communicate with on-site management, Furniture rental available*, Submit work orders, Private pet patio with pet waste station, Outdoor patio with BBQ grill and seating, State of the art fitness center, Game room, Walking distance to 19th street BART station, Pet-friendly with no weight limits, Planned resident networking events, Restaurant table reservations, Easy access to Interstate 980, 880, 580 and 80., Housekeeping scheduling, Resident social lounge, On-line rent payments, Accent walls options, Nearby fine dining, concert venues, and social lounges. 
Pet Policy:
We welcome pets one year or older of all shapes and sizes with no weight limit. $500 deposit is required per pet and $35 monthly pet rent per pet. Breed restrictions do apply. Two pets maximum per home.
*Breed Restrictions:(or any hybrid or mixed breed) Akita, American Bull Dog, Boxer, Cane Corsos,, Chowchows, Dobermans, Dalmatian, German Shepherds, Great Danes, Huskies, Karelian Bear Dog, Malamutes, Mastiff, Pit Bulls, Presa Canario, Rottweilers, St. Bernard, Staffordshire Terriers, any Wolf Hybrid. Poisonous Animals: Piranhas or Tarantulas.
Exotic Animals: Birds (Cockatiels, Parrots & Macaws), Ferrets, Raccoon's, Reptiles (Snakes and Iguanas), Rabbits, Squirrels, and Skunks. 
Interested In This Unit? Use this link for more details:
http://live.fpimgt.com/88t782
Equal Housing Opportunity 
RjMQ8wajkBt

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 16:29
Price: $3375
Latitude: 37.808627
Longitude: -122.273680
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 740
