$3674 / 1br - 717ft2 - Save BIG on this One Bedroom Home!! (redwood city)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 x 116
OR Text 116 to  show contact info
 to contact our leasing team.
This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 717-743 Sq. Ft. 
The creative mind sees many things. It has the ability to visualize and embrace an entirely new world of possibilities when only a spark of an idea exists. Welcome to Elan Menlo Park -- the ideal, intimate setting for innovators and visionaries such as yourself. These brand new apartments in Menlo Park, CA truly feel like home with proximity to major employers.
Elan Menlo Park is a small enclave of residences which are on point for luxury, design, convenience and comfort. Enjoy nearby recreation such as hiking, outdoor sports or explore the natural scenic wonders and bike trails along the water. Take advantage of cultural and educational events at nearby venues as well. You'll appreciate easy access to a vibrant downtown scene with Art & Music on the Square, plus unique restaurants and shops. Take a ride on Caltrain to access all that San Francisco and San Jose have to offer.
Live brighter, better, and bolder at Elan Menlo Park. 
Features:
Air Conditioning, Gas Range, Quartz Kitchen and Bath Countertops, Spacious Walk-in Closets*, Full Tile Kitchen Backsplash, In-home Washer/Dryer, Built-In Microwaves, 9 Foot Ceilings, Ceramic tile in Baths, Modern Plank Hard Surface Flooring, Custom Kitchen Islands*, Dual-Toned Cabinets, Walk-in Showers*, Undermount Sinks, Large Balconies, Stainless Steel Appliances, Pendant Lighting 
*Select Residences Only
Community Amenities:
Covered Parking, 10 Minute Drive to Palo Alto / Redwood City, Resident Lounge with Wi-Fi, Entertainment Courtyard with Outdoor Fire Pit & BBQ Grills, Under Unit Garages, Large Landscaped Interior Courtyards with Wi-Fi, 10 Minutes to Downtown Menlo Park, 4-Minute Walk to the Marsh Road Shuttle, Attached Garages, 2 Miles from Facebook Headquarters, Easy Access to CA-84 & 101 Fwy, Automated Package Delivery System, Pet Friendly with Pet Walk Area, Bike Storage & Maintenance Stations, Club-Quality Fitness Center, Gated Resident Access, Resort-Inspired Saltwater Pool & Spa, Adjacent to the Scenic & Convenient Bay Trail 
Pet Policy:
up to 2 pets (either cat or dog) per dwelling. Pets are subject to a $50 monthly fee and dogs are subject to certain breed restrictions. All Pets require a $500 pet deposit. 
Want more info? See the link below:
http://cl.greystar.com/8549y2
Equal Housing Opportunity 
oFnx8eUa3fHe

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 13:47
Price: $3674
Latitude: 37.485130
Longitude: -122.183467
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 717
