$1850 / 1br - Master Bed + Private Bath in Downtown Palo Alto Available November 1st (palo alto)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Large Master Bedroom with Private Bathroom available in a 3 bedroom/2.5 bathroom downtown Palo Alto home. Available November 1, 2018. $1850/month + electric & internet (average $60/month).
Our current housemate is moving back home to Chicago. We are very sad to see her go but are looking forward to finding a new, respectful housemate. We keep our home clean and quiet and are looking for someone who will do the same. 
Wonderful Location: 
A couple blocks from University Ave. 15-minute walk to CalTrain station. 1 mile from Stanford campus. 5-minute walk to Whole Foods. 5-minute bike ride to Trader Joe's. 1 block from grassy local park. Property is offset from the street. 
Amenities: 
Private, connected, full bathroom
Washer + Dryer
Dishwasher
Central heating
Attached garage parking
Complimentary water and garbage service
Furnished living area
Private pool access
Housemates: 
E is a 29-year-old who works at Stanford Hospital. Originally from the South, she attended the University of Notre Dame for undergrad and did a master's in Ireland. She traveled the U.S. for 3 years prior to making California home. E enjoys being active (dance, yoga) and exploring the Bay Area.
R is a 28-year old who works for the federal government researching earthquakes. After growing up in the Midwest, he did undergrad in Florida and a PhD in Ohio. He likes to bike, code, and look at rocks.
Seeking: 
We are seeking a quiet, clean, respectful, and responsible housemate. 
Caveats: 
No pets (sadly). No smoking. No drugs. 
Interested? 
If interested, please respond to this posting! 
Tell us about yourself! What brings you to the area? What are you seeking in a living arrangement? 
If you have questions for us, please do not hesitate to ask :)
If there is a potential fit, we will arrange a housemate meeting and home tour. Best wishes!

Date Posted: October 10, 2018 at 22:38
Price: $1850
Latitude: 37.444772
Longitude: -122.156430
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
