$2891 / 2br - 816ft2 - Spacious 2 bed 1 bath, upstairs, gas stove, A/C, W/D (mountain view)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 x 76
OR Text 76 to  show contact info
 to text our leasing staff.
This is a 2 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 864 Sq. Ft. 
Positioned in the heart of Silicon Valley, Highland Gardens offers its residents the comfort of newly renovated apartments with a variety of floor plans. This rental community is in close proximity to major regional employers such as Google, Facebook, Apple, Symantec, Microsoft and others. Our fabulous updated community delivers a new fitness center, swimming pool with a brand new BBQ and cabana. The spacious units include full-sized washer/dryer units, brand new A/C units, new appliances, private patios and granite countertops. With Downtown Mountain View just minutes away, Highland Gardens is easily accessible to some of the best restaurants, bars and shopping malls in the Tech Hub of the World. Near Google, Symantec, Stanford, Microsoft, etc.
Pricing and availability are subject to change. Please contact our leasing office for current pricing and specials. 
Features:
Luxury Wood Plank Flooring, Skylights, Washer & Dryer in unit, New Wood Cabinets, Granite counter-tops, Tech Ready, Air Conditioning & Heat, Dishwasher, Gas Stoves (in Select homes), Private Balcony or Patio, Upgraded Lighting, Garbage Disposal, Microwave 
Community Amenities:
BBQ, Pay Rent On-Line, Picnic Area, Storage, Sparkling Pool, Covered Parking, Private Gate to Rengstorff Park, Courtesy Patrol, Courtyards, OnSite Maintenance, Amazing Fitness Center, Cabana, Package Receiving, Bocce Ball Court, OnSite Management Team 
Pet Policy:
We allow 2 pets per apartment. Pet deposit is $500 and pet rent is $50 per pet. Breed restrictions and weigh limit does apply. Text us for more info. 
Use the link below for more details:
http://rent.decron.com/64236s
Equal Housing Opportunity 
kLHPPubbpr67

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 16:29
Price: $2891
Latitude: 37.399240
Longitude: -122.092673
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 816
