$8500 / 3br - 1700ft2 - High End Luxury - Zen at the Beach Home located in Moss Beach (half moon bay)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Executive high end furnished corporate or short term rental with Ocean Views.
Stunning eco-friendly, state of the art single level beach home located in Moss Beach across from the Fitzgerald Marin Reserve. Thoroughly remodeled inside and out with top of the line finishes. Just steps to the beach. 
Thoroughly remodeled and updated within the past five years, the home is impressively appointed with contemporary designer elegance with a sophisticated yet casual flair. The overall sense of style begins at the front door where the magnificent teak door greets you. The foyer presents finely finished bamboo hardwood floors that define almost every room. The single-level floor plan is perfectly suited for intimate entertaining catered by an impressive state of the art kitchen. 
The homes 3 bedrooms are luxurious retreats for family members and guests serviced by 2 bathrooms beautifully appointed in bamboo sinks, rock flooring with radiant heat. Equally impressive are the resort-inspired grounds, which include a wrap-around decks, a glorious enclosed hot tub, and the soothing grounds of rock and lush garden plants ? and all benefiting from glorious ocean views from the front porch and front living room. Topping it all is the property?s excellent Moss Beach location, one block from beach and Fitzgerald Marine Reserve, 5 minute walk to Moss Beach Distillery, a 15-20 minute drive to San Francisco International Airport and downtown San Francisco.
Can be rented partially furnished or unfurnished as well at discounted rate but tenant responsible for utilities. 
This will be available Mid Dec or Jan 1, 2019
Owner pays for Water, Gardner, and Hot Tub maintenance., PG&E, Satellite TV and Internet, Garbage. If rented furnished. 1 - 12 month term.

Date Posted: October 09, 2018 at 17:19
Price: $8500
Latitude: 37.523601
Longitude: -122.516248
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1700
