$2629 / 1br - GREAT AMENITIES! GREAT LOCATION! NICELY RENOVATED ONE BR APARTMENT! (pacifica)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
SEACLIFF APARTMENTS
300 Palmetto Avenue

Pacifica, CA 94044

Phone:  show contact info


Fax:  show contact info


Email:  show contact info


Website: http://www.Seacliff-Apts.com
OFFICE HOURS
Monday - Saturday 9am - 6pm
Sunday 11am - 5pm 
 With the charm of California coastal living, the convenience of a central location, and the effortless beauty of the Pacific Ocean, Seacliff Apartment Homes is the ideal place for you to call home. We offer spacious apartment homes with designer gourmet kitchens and ample closet space. Take in the ocean breeze from your private patio or balcony or work up a sweat in the comprehensive strength and fitness center. There are endless possibilities that await you, here at Seacliff Apartment Homes.  

Featured this week is a wonderful 1 bedroom 1 bath apartment home

*Currently available for only $2,629 per month 

Top floor unit with courtyard views

Updated Current Trend Gourmet Styled Kitchen

Plush Berber carpet 

Huge walk-in closet

Linen closet

Granite counters in kitchen and bathroom

Gas heat and gas stove
 FEATURES & AMENITIES: 

Enjoy your spacious one bedroom apartment with our generous closet space in the bedroom and the hallway linen closet. Relax and entertain your guests in your designer gourmet kitchen.

Seacliff Apartments also offers a full range of recreation and leisure activities. Take a swim in our crystal clear swimming pool, relax in our sundeck area or workout in the state-of-the-art strength and endurance fitness center.
Ready to tour your new apartment home at Seacliff Apartments?

Simply give one of our friendly leasing agents a call to schedule an appointment. Or, if you're in the area during normal business hours, feel free to drop by! Also, don't forget to inquire about our current move in special. We look forward to hearing from you.
DIRECTIONS
From San Francisco

Take Highway 280 South. Exit onto Highway 1 South. Take the Palmetto Avenue exit. At the "Y" in the road, take the right ramp. Turn right at the stop sign onto Palmetto. Seacliff is on your left.

* Pricing based on move-in date and lease term. All rental rates and availabilities are subject to change without prior notice.

Date Posted: October 06, 2018 at 15:52
Price: $2629
Latitude: 37.653937
Longitude: -122.491121
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
