$2869 / 492ft2 - New Studio available-Park 20 (san mateo)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
The San Mateo apartments at Park 20 will propel your life, connecting you to everything from a luxury living environment to nearby shopping to desirable amenities to the CalTrain and the entirety of the Bay Area. When you live here you can join together everything that's important to you. There's no better way to link your life.
How do you want to spend your weekend? A breakfast in your inviting kitchen followed by a morning at the pool, then a quick workout in the fitness center. Or maybe you want to eat your breakfast on the rooftop lounge and go relax in the beautiful courtyard, then head upstairs and connect to the world in your home. No matter how you want to live, the studio, one and two bedroom apartments at Park 20 give you the right selection of features and amenities so that you can live just the way you desire. Take a look at what these luxurious San Mateo  apartment homes have to offer.
In Your Home
In-home washer and dryer 
Stainless steel appliances 
Two distinct design packages 
Subway tile backsplash 
Hardwood style flooring (select homes) 
Private balconies or patio (select homes) 
Recessed LED lighting in kitchen 
Spacious living environment with 9' ceilings
Inviting kitchen with CaesarStone® quartz countertops 
In The Community
Bike Storage 
The Splash pool and spa 
The Parc bocce ball court 
Poolside BBQ's and fireplace lounge 
The View rooftop lounge 
The Square playground 
Tone Zone fitness center with TechnoGym Equipment 
The Spot clubroom 
Game On billiards and game room 
The Romp dog run and dog wash area 
Wi-Fi throughout all common areas
Zen-styled courtyard
Renowned Essex service
Disclaimer: Floor plans and artist's renderings and actual floor plans may differ from renderings. Branding elements, floor plans, layout plans, images, names, drawings, perspectives, models, graphics, logos, icons and other details herein are only indicative and the Developer/Promoter/Owner reserve the right to change all or any of them. All room dimensions are approximate only and may or may not include balcony square feet in total square footage. Prices and availability are subject to change. Prices may vary based on move-in date and lease terms.
Equal Housing Opportunity: Park 20 apartments does not condone any sort of discriminatory actions and we do not prohibit people on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, national origin, ancestry, familial status, source of income, disability, or genetic information.
esxpt371

Date Posted: October 30, 2018 at 12:19
Price: $2869
Latitude: 37.539500
Longitude: -122.299800
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 492
