$2362 1 Bedroom With Spacious Floor Plan and Huge Wall To Wall Closets! (mountain view)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Live the Good Life Pruneridge Santa Clara Apartments near Santana Row Call Now:  show contact info
Summerwood 444 Saratoga Avenue, Santa Clara, CA, 95050Full Color Brochure Here:http://cl.greystar.com/d8ukc3 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 825 Sq. Ft.  Uncover a serene hideaway at Summerwood apartments, where you'll discover calming waterfalls and Japanese-style gardens throughout, mixed with the closeness to all the nearby Fortune 500 tech employers and city conveniences of Santa Clara.
Entertain guests in the clubhouse with fully-equipped kitchen and large movie-viewing screen, lounge on the plush cushions at the heated spa and pool, challenge yourself to a private core training or yoga session in the fitness center, or enjoy a relaxing day at a nearby spa. Whatever you choose, you'll find plenty of choices for recreation and relaxation at this one-of-a-kind community.
Strength meets style at this newly upgraded Santa Clara apartment community, where you'll find tough faux wood flooring and durable granite-like countertops, new cabinet finishes, and oversized living areas with customized paint schemes that help to unlock your hidden creativity.
Summerwood apartments is conveniently located just moments away from all that Santa Clara has to offer, including major tech employers like Apple, HP and Google, upscale shopping at Santana Row, well-known Westfield Mall, downtown mecca of dining, major grocery stores, and the historic Century movie theatres. Summerwood is nestled between Pruneridge golf course, Henry Schmidt Park and Westwood Elementary School.
Finally, a Santa Clara lifestyle that clicks with your life plans. Come experience the ease of living at Summerwood apartments. Schedule your personal tour today. Features - Large patio/balcony  - Triple-size patio doors  - Central air conditioning  - Wood-burning fireplaces  - Spacious floor plans  - Semi-private entryways  - Spacious closets and walk-in closets  - Courtyard view  - Cable ready  - Storage on patios/balconies  - Easy DSL access  - All electric economy sized kitchens  - Tandem parking availability* *Select apartment homes. Amenities are subject to change. **No size limit. Breed restrictions apply. Community Amenities - Adjacent to Henry Schmidt Park  - Media room  - Private training room  - Community dog park  - Gated community with controlled access  - Spa  - Convenient to shopping and major freeways  - Meticulously landscaped courtyards  - Quiet Environment  - Private training room  - Pet friendly**  - Ample guest parking *  - Energy efficient in-home laundry *  - Adjacent to 9 hole golf course  - Clubhouse  - Fitness center  - Large pool (Olympic size)  - Planned monthly community activities  - Waterway features  - Six large laundry facilities  - Sand volleyball court Equal Housing Opportunity  Santa Clara apartments Summerwood C4JsmRPTjq

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 11:52
Price: $2362
Latitude: 37.334627
Longitude: -121.960773
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: NA
