$3100 / 1br - 1200ft2 - Gorgeous apartment on the water in Redwood Shores, short term lease (redwood shores)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Hey all, I'm going to be traveling quite a bit and am open to subleasing my place 1-4 months and ideally would want another professional to rent the place. The apartment is an awesome two-story apartment on the water in Redwood Shores. It has a spacious living room and family room and freshly remodeled kitchen. Single bathroom and comes fully furnished and decked out. We can do month to month but prefer 1-4 months commitment. Utilities included. Also it's a smart home (lights, locks, cameras outside, Voice assistants, etc)
Fully furnished with a King-size bed, a night stand, a bookshelf, etc -There's a second hanging queen sized bed for guests -65' UHD curved TV with incredibly comfortable huge couch. -Washer / Dryer in unit
Street parking is always available and we share a two car driveway where if it's open it's all yours to park
High speed WiFi (Download speed: 200mbps)
//Location// The home is on the lake and we have kayak, paddleboat, and a little electric boat. We also have a dock, deck overlooking lake, and nice outdoor patio furniture and grill. It is a very quiet and awesome neighborhood. We are very close to US-101, US-92 and San Carlos Caltrain Station; 1 min walk to local bus stops; 5 mins walk to Oracle and EA; 15 minutes drive to Stanford University, Facebook, and SFO airport, 35 mins to San Francisco City, and 20 min to Mountain View.
//About Us// The front house (not connected) is 2 coworkers working in tech and are laid back, friendly, and rarely home. We are looking for someone responsible, easy going, and generally fun to be around. We're all pretty close and are looking for someone that is enjoyable to be around. Also I have 3 hens in the back that lay eggs daily.
Rent: $3100 (all utilities and high speed internet Included). We're also Steps away from Nob Hill Supermarket, Starbucks, Jamba's, Amici's, 2 banks, blocks from fantastic gym
Pets - we can talk about if it's not an annoying chihuahua.
Please email me or text me your name, expected moving date, length of stay, contact information and a little bit about yourself. Room is available on Immediately / Security Deposit is one month's rent.
Looking forward to connecting! Please TEXT me questions

Date Posted: November 02, 2018 at 17:06
Price: $3100
Latitude: 37.527749
Longitude: -122.259786
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 1200
