$1925 / 525ft2 - large studio in secure complex, gated access, wi-fi, mos to mos/ lease (redwood city)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
PLEASE TEXT  IF YOU LIKE TO SEE, showing today or Friday, October 12
Move in  November 1,
MONTH TO MONTH or LEASE, your choice.
SORRY NO SECTION 8
Renovated complex. This is unit 3, one level above carports, one level above you 
video taken recently, please check it out before asking to see inside, it is just like on the video, exactly same layout, this is the unit right above unit 3, all same except no carpet but a brand new laminate:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XrEGib_Eh_c
Newer kitchen with granite, refinished bathtrub.
The internet connection via secure HIGH SPEED Wi-Fi provided.  This complex has secure automatic gate access. Quiet, not crowded complex, roughly 50% Stanford affiliates.
Some of my tenants bike to Stanford. Locked bike storage room is available. Complex is close to public transportation, yet not very close to a Caltrain station.
You get one assigned carport and a locker for storage. Laundry on premises, large efficient front loading washer/dryer machines that are gentle on your clothing.
Bathroom with the tub, remodeled  kitchen. One  closet with sliding doors in the room. 
You have your own Pg&E, both gas and electric. 
Full kitchen, stove, exhaust, garbage disposal and a fridge. Quiet, respectful neighbors. 
You pay for PG&E only. Garbage, water, hot water, sewage and internet is paid for by the landlord.
Complex professionally managed by Peninsula Co. Check out our Yelp reviews: http://www.yelp.com/biz/peninsula-company-redwood-city
Complex consists of eight studios and one two bedroom unit.
Deposit depends on the credit and ranges from $600-$1000. Must have good references, good credit and stable income. We will do thorough checking. Month to month or 1 year lease, your choice. Please tell me a bit about yourself when responding to the ad. 
Walking distance to a grocery store, Target, bus stop. Very convenient location, close to El Camino, yet not right on it. Please email me your questions and include a bit of info about proposed tenants. I will respond in 2 hrs max. I can show any day on a 24 hour notice. 
PLEASE EMAIL or TEXT ONLY, ANY QUESTIONS ARE WELCOME VIA EMAIL or TEXT .
Secure application is at www.peninsulacompany.com

Date Posted: October 11, 2018 at 17:07
Price: $1925
Latitude: 37.471615
Longitude: -122.214482
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 525
