$1600 Private Room near VMWare Uber Tesla SAP Nest Stanford (los altos)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Available starting October 1, 2018.
Edison's House is a classic 1960's American home. Located at the heart of Silicon Valley, this is the best place to work on your tech-savy project and connect with other young engineers and entrepreneurs from around the world.
If you are building or designing a new product or service, writing a research paper or book, checking out startups or meeting with investors and partners, making a film, composing music or art, visiting local family or just touring the heart of Silicon Valley to explore the most collaborative science and tech hub in the world, you are at the right place!
About the place.
Room:
You will have your own-private room. Bathroom will be shared with 1 other room.
Kitchen: 
1. Cook instant/light foods are ok. Bake and intense cooking (Meats/curries/fish) are prohibited.
2. Utensils and appliances are shared.
Laundry:
Washing machine and dryer are provided.
Utilities: 
Water, electric, and fast wireless (150MBPS) internet access are included.
Parking space:
Free parking space in the front yard. Please coordinate with me on the parking space.
Interaction with Guests
1. With fellow housemate(s):
Edison's House is a place full of people with different schedules. Common courtesy and consideration for others is very important for everyone. 
About host:
I was a student at UC Berkeley and Stanford University. Now, I am working as a co-founder of a startup that develops Virtual Reality (VR) platform for smartphones. I am usually not around, but I occasionally visit the house.
I enjoy meeting people. I have the pleasure of hosting over 100 guests from all over the world and have immensely enjoyed meeting them. I welcome great conversation and dining together, so feel free to chat with me anytime. I also understand if you have a busy agenda and need to take care of your endeavors in solitude - I respect this either way.
The Neighborhood
Groceries: 3 minutes drive, 15 minutes walk to Los Altos downtown. 
Work: 
1. 1 miles to Tesla HQ, SAP, Nest, etc.
2. 3 miles to Page Mill Road
3. 5 miles to Google 
4. 8 miles to Facebook / Apple
University: 
1. 3 miles to Stanford University
Airport: 
1. 20 minutes to San Jose International Airport (SJC)
2. 25 minutes to San Francisco International Airport (SFO)
Getting Around
1. Driving a car is the best way to get around Silicon Valley.
2. Biking is also a good option if you are traveling short distance and regularly, this is one of the best place to bike across the country.
House Rules
1. Leave your sneakers/shoes outside. The floor is cleaned regularly. It is ok to use home sandals inside.
2. Clean up your dishes and utensils right after use. 
3. You can cook light foods such as instant noodles. Intensive cooking (meats, fish, curry) and baking which cause a lot of smell are prohibited. 
4. Smoke at the back yard.
5. If you must invite an associate/friend over, consult with me first.
Rate
1. $1600/month for 1-year lease
2. $1800/month for 6-month lease
3. $2000/month for 3-month lease
4. $2300/month for monthly lease
+ $100/month for utilities
When you are ready to make a reservation or check the place, please email reply me:
1. Tell me about yourself.
2. Tell me about your duration of stay and estimated time of arrival on your check-in date.
3. Tell me when you want to visit check the place out.
Thanks!

Date Posted: October 25, 2018 at 00:36
Price: $1600
Latitude: 37.381400
Longitude: -122.125800
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: NA
