$3925 / 2br - 1300ft2 - Central Park - Spacious Top Floor 2 Bed / 2 Bath Apartment (san mateo)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Available Top Floor 2 Bedroom / 2 Bathroom Apartment
$3,925.00 per month + $3,925.00 security deposit / 1 year lease
715 Laurel Avenue, San Mateo, California 94401
Residence shown by Appointment Only. The apartment is available for immediate occupancy.
We currently have a very spacious (approximately 1,300 sq. ft) remodeled top floor 2 bedroom, 2 full bathroom apartment available. This residence is on the south west corner of our building and it receives ample sunlight and unobstructed views.
We are located in the coveted area just across from San Mateo Central Park and a three block stroll to downtown San Mateo, city living in the suburbs! 
This residence features a large updated galley kitchen with all new electric stainless steel appliances; over-sized stainless chef's sink, built-in 6 stage reverse osmosis water purifier (no more need to buy expensive bottled water!), a 1HP garbage disposal, a very quiet dishwasher (top controlled stainless steel tub / 3 rack with zone washing and bottle washers), low profile microwave, single wall oven, four burner ceramic stove top, large refrigerator, pantry closet, Corian counter tops, mahogany cabinets and drawers, and under cabinet lighting. 
We just installed COREtec XL Harbor Oak 6' plank LVP floors with additional sound dampening underlay throughout the apartment. These gorgeous floors are water resistant, scratch resistant, and feel really great under foot. Crown molding and baseboards run throughout the residence (including the bathrooms). 
In-residence storage space includes an entry coat closet, kitchen pantry, large double door mirrored hallway closet, large mirrored closets in each bedroom and a linens closet in the master suite. 
All windows are double pane with the bottom half having privacy glass (etched rain) and are accompanied with two inch slatted router-less window treatments and valances that match the crown molding. With the blinds half way down and closed, you will have total privacy but still get plenty of sunlight. With the blinds all the way down, there are no little cord holes for sunlight to sneak through. Being on our top floor, there's a significant amount of privacy regardless.
The entryway light, hallway lighting, kitchen lighting (including the under cabinet illumination), dining light, bathroom vanity and ceiling lights are all new fixtures on dimmer switches and are LED or have LED bulbs installed (an energy cost saver!). 
The on-suite bathroom has a large walk-in shower, and the second bathroom is a tub / shower combination. Both bathrooms are appointed with full vanities, behind door mirrored cabinet storage, 4 bulb vanity lights, ceiling lights and fans.
Three new in-wall 240w forced air heaters are accompanied with digital 7 day programmable thermostats. Program your heaters to be on a schedule, not just to crank out to particular temperature, saving on your electric bill! The guest bedroom has an additional ENVI convection style (young child friendly) wall mounted heater. This heater is also controlled by a digital 7 day programmable thermostat..  
This residence also has an approximately 50 sq ft private balcony off of the dining area. Unobstructed views are available from the balcony and living room, slightly shaded views are available from the bedrooms. The living room and balcony (south west facing) receive morning and afternoon light. The bedrooms (north west facing) receive afternoon to evening sunlight.
This lease comes with one gated underground parking space. A second space may be negotiable. No cost resident street parking permits and guest parking placards are available through the City of San Mateo. Laundry facilities are on site (3 washers and 3 dryers) that accept quarters or PayRange phone app payments.
A 5' x 5' x 8.5' on-site basement storage locker is available under separate contract for $75.00 per month.
The building has security cameras that extensively cover the garage, storage area, laundry room and exteriors of the building.
No pets as this is an upper floor residence, this includes birds and fish tanks. 
Credit check, background check and previous landlord referrals required.
Wow: you've made it this far down our verbose description. Congratulations and thank you for your interest. If you are unfamiliar with the San Mateo area, please continue reading.
Location:
715 Laurel Avenue is a 15 unit, three story apartment building conveniently located across from Central Park and within walking distance to downtown San Mateo and public transportation (Caltrain and SamTrans). Easy access to El Camino Real, BART, and Highways 101 and 92. Minutes from San Francisco International Airport (SFO), downtown San Francisco, and Silicon Valley. Draeger's Market and Dean's Produce are just 3 blocks away. If you like exercise: Nandi Yoga, RockSalt Pilates, SoulCycle, Equinox, and 24hr Fitness are all within a few block radius. If you like to dine out often but don't like to drive, well... there are just too many quality establishments within walking distance to list here.
Building Amenities:
* Water and Garbage included
* Elevator access to all floors
* Gated Underground parking
* Private balcony (2 and 3 Bedroom Units)
* Double pained windows with privacy glass
* On-site laundry facility (3 Washers and 3 Dryers)
* Optional 5' x 5' x8.5' individual walk-in storage locker
* On-site Property Management

Date Posted: October 10, 2018 at 17:51
Price: $3925
Latitude: 37.561674
Longitude: -122.319996
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1300
