$3751 / 2br - 1100ft2 - 2 Bedroom Available Today - Premium Location! (foster city)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Welcome to Foster's Landing! 
Foster's Landing is in the heart of the Peninsula and offers numerous opportunities to enjoy outdoor activities.  There are many nearby recreational activities such as hiking and biking on the Bay Trail or there are 21 parks that you can explore. You can play tennis, basketball, or even go boating. There are many other outdoor activities just minutes from your front door or you can choose to stay home to lounge by the pool and enjoy Foster's Landing's amenities. There is easy access to highways 101 and 92. 
Our spacious, floor plan comes with the following features:
❧ Full size in unit washer and dryer
❧ Stainless steel appliances and quartz counters
❧ Spacious walk in closet 
❧ Attached garage & Carport included
Don't miss your chance to lease at Foster's Landing and ask more about apartment #7008
Call us at  show contact info
 to view and lease your new home today!
Foster's Landing
700 Bounty Drive
Foster City, CA 94404
***Price and availability subject to change. Please Contact the Leasing Office for details. ESSEX Management does not allow its apartment homes to be sublet and all consumers should verify with local community management before accepting a sublet/guest stay online through other websites. Any sublet offers could be a scam. Equal Housing Opportunity.
**Disclaimer: Floor plans and artist's renderings and actual floor plans may differ from renderings. Branding elements, floor plans, layout plans, images, names, drawings, perspectives, models, graphics, logos, icons and other details herein are only indicative and the Developer/Promoter/Owner reserve the right to change all or any of them. All room dimensions are approximate only and may or may not include balcony square feet in total square footage. Pricing and availability subject to change. Prices may vary based on move-in date and lease terms.

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 17:38
Price: $3751
Latitude: 37.555635
Longitude: -122.263455
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1100
