$924 S Jose Apt. Never run short on supplies! Live next to Whole Foods~!~ (south bay area)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
What is life without a bit of luxury? Come, live in Downtown San Jose, situated right on the border of San Jose on the Alameda. This prime location is surrounded by amazing restaurants and cafes with lip-smacking food! There is also a whole foods market in the vicinity for health-conscious people. The apartment comes furnished with a hard surface flooring, granite countertops, and chic modern finishing. Other features include: central heating and air conditioning, dishwasher, nine-foot ceilings, walk-in closet, stainless steel appliances, keyless apartment entry, in-unit washer and dryer, and scenic views of the city.For fitness freaks, a 24-hour gym and swimming pool has been constructed as well. You can also park your precious cars and bikes in the parking area without having to worry about their safety. An expansive rooftop deck gives a wide view of the city, which you can enjoy with some mouth-watering hotdogs, which can be prepared on the outdoor grill. The courtyard of the building has been decorated beautifully to give a fresh feel whenever you enter. A 24-hour mail room keeps track of your packages and manages them as well.|The Downtown San Jose region is a minute away from the San Jose Diridon Caltrain Station. There are parks nearby, and a Whole Foods to buy fresh and healthy vegetables. There is the SAP Center nearby for all the hockey fans too. To avail all these facilities, along with an elegantly furnished apartment, 
contact me at: www.uniqueapartment.co/55am.
Contact By Website:-)DO NOT miss out on contact me ASAP.
We look Call Today And Move In Tomorrow Show,Ask For Me.
雅房出租-歡迎中.港.台. 國際學生結伴租屋中.港.台. 國際學生結伴 呎 房間 房子特點-步行三分鐘可至-步行 分鐘至巴士(公車)站,路線到達,華盛頓大學-步行分鐘至超級市場-共用洗衣機, 烘衣機,冰箱兩個, 烤箱, 微波爐,電視, 咖啡壺,電鍋, 基本廚具和餐具等.-主層共用一廚房-舒適典雅客廳及飯廳共用-房間有獨立電雙向門鎖,安全無虞,房間內提供書桌,椅子,檯燈,單人床,及衣櫃(如有不需要之家具,房東可收走)-前後花園綠地, 寧靜社區-租金包高速網路, 垃圾及資源回收 有意至電.李先生

Date Posted: October 10, 2018 at 05:47
Price: $924
Latitude: 37.318000
Longitude: -122.044900
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: NA
