$2800 / 1br - TOP-FLOOR REMODELED and HUGE 1 bedroom/1 full bath in prime San Mateo (san mateo)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
This TOP-FLOOR, completely REMODELED and HUGE 1 bedroom 1 full large bathroom apartment is located in prime San Mateo at the Two Clark Drive Apartments. This unit features a REMODELED large kitchen including (all full size BRAND-NEW STAINLESS appliances): maple-wood cabinetry, refrigerator, stove, oven, microwave, garbage disposal and DISHWASHER! In addition, the kitchen and bathroom have brand-new tiled gorgeous floors! This unit has a wonderful layout with very spacious rooms, floor-to-ceiling windows (in every room), large dining area, large closets and a picturesque private deck off of the living room looking onto the gorgeous oak trees of San Mateo Park. The remodeled bathroom has a maple-wood vanity with lots of storage. This unit is quiet and private for it's TOP-FLOOR location and that it overlooks the gorgeous trees of the property. A fabulous 1 bedroom close to Burlingame Avenue! 
To view this unit please contact the on-site manager Deby at  show contact info

Fore more building information please visit our website at copelandparkproperties.com
No pets please. 
Located in the heart of the Peninsula, amid the picturesque San Mateo Park area, Two Clark Drive is within blocks of downtown Burlingame, and surrounded by the Peninsula's finest shopping & dining. (30 mins. south of downtown San Francisco; 15 mins. from S.F. International Airport; and 30 mins. north of Stanford University.) 
Amenities include: 
-Underground parking garage 
-Swimming pool & sun deck 
-Fully equipped fitness center 
-Elevator service 
-Key fob entry system 
-Central laundry facilities on each floor 
Included in Rent: Heat, Water, Garbage and Underground parking 
Included in Rent: 4X4 Storage Locker 
This unit is dedicated as non-smoking 
Pictures below of actual apartment home and actual building photos

Date Posted: September 29, 2018 at 08:50
Price: $2800
Latitude: 37.572135
Longitude: -122.339981
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
