$2885 / 1br - 833ft2 - "GREAT LOCATION COME DOWN TO VIEW YOUR NEW APARTMENT HOME" (san mateo)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Bridgepointe ApartmentsBridgepointe1987 Bridgepointe ParkwaySan Mateo, CA 94404Community AmenitiesChildren's Playground • Controlled-Access Community • Convenient Elevator Access • Courtyards and Outdoor Seating Areas • Electric Vehicle (EV) Charging Stations • Executive Business Center • Fully- Equipped Fitness Center • Lush Landscaping • Online Rent Payments and Maintenance Requests • Professional On-site Management • Relaxing Spa • Resort-Inspired pool • Theater with Stadium-style Seating • Underground parking Available* • We Love pets!* • Wi-Fi in Common Areas • Pool • Playground • Spa • On-site Management • Fitness Center • Elevator • Business Center • Controlled Access • Courtyard • Pet Friendly • GarageApartment AmenitiesExpansive 12 -Foot Ceilings * • Full-size Whirlpool Washers and Dryers • Fireplace • Inviting Fireplaces* • One-, Two- and Three-Bedroom Residences • Open-Concept Living Areas • Oversized Windows Allowing for Natural Light* • Personal Patios or Balconies • Spacious Walk-In Closets • Vaulted Ceilings* • Large Closets • Patio/Balcony • Washer/Dryer in Unit • Balcony • Dryer • Patio • Washer  Url: http://www.bridgepointeapts.com/t/ad?ref=b6a2bc121cd1095a6094bd59acedfb3fWelcome to Bridgepointe in the attractive San Mateo neighborhood. Featuring one-, two- and three-bedroom apartment homes with sophisticated features and upscale amenities, our location keeps you close to the action while also delivering a relaxing retreat for times when you just want to unwind. Whether you enjoy dining at one of the many local restaurants, taking a morning stroll along the bayside trail, or admiring the breathtaking San Mateo sunsets, Bridgepointe Apartments provides unlimited possibilities within minutes. Make your move today!Get ready to make a new beginning. Come home each day to a luxurious setting that feels like the perfect getaway surrounded by bold architecture and green space. Inside, you'll find that every interior is carefully designed with attention to detail including oversized windows for lots of natural light, full size washers and dryers and walk-in closets. Make this your refuge in the center of it all its luxury living just a hop, skip and a brisk morning walk with your furry friend to wonderful restaurants and shops. Bridgepointe has something for everyone. Large, open floor plans with lots of natural light makes living in our residences effortless, cozy and spacious.Federal law prohibits housing discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, familial status, or disability.Our 24 hour fully equipped fitness center will have you in the shape of your life. The year round heated pool and hot tub will have you relaxing in no time. Enjoy the evenings in our cozy on-site movie theater watching your favorite shows or movies. Packages and Dry cleaning are no problem with our on-site office that provides you with services 7 days a week along with a stellar full time maintenance team. Monday: 9AM-6PMTuesday: 9AM-6PMWednesday: 9AM-6PMThursday: 9AM-6PMFriday: 9AM-6PMSaturday: 9AM-6PMSunday: 10AM-5PMWe Love Pets! Please review our Pet Policy.

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 13:26
Price: $2885
Latitude: 37.562354
Longitude: -122.285813
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 833
