$3840 / 1br - 806ft2 - One Bedroom Home With Great Deals !!! (menlo park)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 x 39
OR Text 39 to  show contact info
 to contact a leasing agent.
This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 802-808 Sq. Ft. 
The creative mind sees many things. It has the ability to visualize and embrace an entirely new world of possibilities when only a spark of an idea exists. Welcome to Elan Menlo Park -- the ideal, intimate setting for innovators and visionaries such as yourself. These brand new apartments in Menlo Park, CA truly feel like home with proximity to major employers.
Elan Menlo Park is a small enclave of residences which are on point for luxury, design, convenience and comfort. Enjoy nearby recreation such as hiking, outdoor sports or explore the natural scenic wonders and bike trails along the water. Take advantage of cultural and educational events at nearby venues as well. You'll appreciate easy access to a vibrant downtown scene with Art & Music on the Square, plus unique restaurants and shops. Take a ride on Caltrain to access all that San Francisco and San Jose have to offer.
Live brighter, better, and bolder at Elan Menlo Park. 
Features:
Quartz Kitchen and Bath Countertops, Custom Kitchen Islands*, Undermount Sinks, Ceramic tile in Baths, Walk-in Showers*, Stainless Steel Appliances, Modern Plank Hard Surface Flooring, Pendant Lighting, Spacious Walk-in Closets*, Full Tile Kitchen Backsplash, Large Balconies, In-home Washer/Dryer, Built-In Microwaves, 9 Foot Ceilings, Gas Range, Dual-Toned Cabinets, Air Conditioning 
*Select Residences Only
Community Amenities:
Club-Quality Fitness Center, Attached Garages, Bike Storage & Maintenance Stations, 4-Minute Walk to the Marsh Road Shuttle, Automated Package Delivery System, Pet Friendly with Pet Walk Area, Resort-Inspired Saltwater Pool & Spa, Under Unit Garages, Entertainment Courtyard with Outdoor Fire Pit & BBQ Grills, Adjacent to the Scenic & Convenient Bay Trail, Easy Access to CA-84 & 101 Fwy, Gated Resident Access, 10 Minute Drive to Palo Alto / Redwood City, Resident Lounge with Wi-Fi, 10 Minutes to Downtown Menlo Park, Covered Parking, 2 Miles from Facebook Headquarters, Large Landscaped Interior Courtyards with Wi-Fi 
Pet Policy:
up to 2 pets (either cat or dog) per dwelling. Pets are subject to a $50 monthly fee and dogs are subject to certain breed restrictions. All Pets require a $500 pet deposit. 
Want more information on this unit? See link (below):
http://cl.greystar.com/4t596b
Equal Housing Opportunity 
326sZFUtMc

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 16:57
Price: $3840
Latitude: 37.485130
Longitude: -122.183467
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 806
