$3250 / 2br - 1100ft2 - 2 Bed 1.5 Bath Burlingame Townhouse (burlingame)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
This newly updated 2 bedroom, 1.5 bath townhouse style apartment has nobody living above or below. This unit has an outdoor patio and it's own entrance. The first floor is an open floor plan with kitchen, dining area and living room, plus a convenient half bathroom. The large living room window looks out onto the enclosed private patio. Convenient garage parking with adjacent storage locker near unit. Secure laundry facilities onsite.  
The updated kitchen features a new granite countertop, stainless steel dishwasher, sink/faucet, cooktop with built in self cleaning oven, designer lighting fixtures and new garbage disposer. New plank style tile flooring throughout first level, new dual pane living room window with new 2" faux wood blinds throughout unit. Downstairs half bathroom features toilet, sink, faucet, designer tile flooring. 
The second floor features two large carpeted bedrooms with new, full mirrored closets, linen closet, and a full bathroom with new vanity, shower/tub with new surround, glass enclosure, exhaust fan/light. Master bedroom features a walk-in mirrored closet with extra storage area. Central gas forced air heating system.
This smaller, garden style apartment complex located at the foot of the Mills Estates residential neighborhood, is ideally located between SF and Silicon Valley approximately a half mile from Millbrae BART/Caltrain Stations. Close to SFO, 101/280 freeways, great schools and and a variety of shops!  Walk to Franklin Elementary (2 blocks away) or Burlingame Intermediate schools (3 blocks away). Highly valued Burlingame school district.
$3,250/mo. One year minimum lease required.  Security deposit $3,250 due at signing. 
Trash and water included in monthly rent. Internet via Comcast. Sorry, no smoking, pets or sec. 8. 
Please reply to this ad if interested in making an appointment to see this upgraded townhouse unit. Rental applications are available at the unit. Good credit rating required.

Date Posted: November 01, 2018 at 18:29
Price: $3250
Latitude: 37.591335
Longitude: -122.387983
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1.5
Sqft: 1100
