$4285 / 4br - 4 BRs apt, secure gated convenient location, walk to Train/Downtown (san mateo)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Interested party please email with your contact phone number, we will not respond to emails without phone number. 
Very energy efficient, the unit has dual panel windows, better then code insulation, gas heat and cooking all for lower P G & E bills. Also worth mentioning is double wall construction in most walls for sound insulation and privacy. Some are 2 X 12 plus a 2 X 6 with insulation filled gap in between. Very very quiet, your private conversation will stay exactly that way - private and not share with your neighbors like other apartments.
Located in a small controlled access gated complex. Very secure. Never any issue.
Two assigned off street parking spaces.   On site laundry facility.
Very conveniently located in San Mateo, minutes to San Francisco and Silicone Valley, not to mention the best weather in Bay Area. Mere 30 Seconds to and from the freeway, yet easy walking distance to parks and downtown San Mateo shops. Much less stressful commute.
The new multi millions San Mateo shore line park is only a short 10 minutes walk away. 
San Mateo downtown and its shops, restaurants and movie theater, Caltrain & multiple bus lines are also well within walking distance.
Pets are welcome with additional cleaning fee and deposit. Sorry, No large or untrained aggressive animals, we have very mellow tenants in the other units.
Address is 245 S.Humboldt Street, San Mateo . Please email with your contact phone number for appointment
As a responsible landlord, we require a $30 application fee for all the adults applicants. This fee is to pay for the back ground check that we will have a tenant/landlord service company to perform.
Credit history is not a big deal, but if you have any criminal history or trouble with previous landlord, you should save the application fee. We do not accept section 8 at this time.

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 20:45
Price: $4285
Latitude: 37.570096
Longitude: -122.317496
Bedrooms: 4
Bathrooms: 2.5
Sqft: NA
