$2922 Get Cozy With One Of Our Apartment Homes Today! Schedule A Tour W/ Us! (mountain view)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Relax and Rejuvenate in Your New Home Pruneridge Santa Clara Apartments near Santana Row Call Now:  show contact info
Summerwood 444 Saratoga Avenue, Santa Clara, CA, 95050Want more information on this unit? See link (below):http://cl.greystar.com/k3u040 This is a 2 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 970 Sq. Ft.  Uncover a serene hideaway at Summerwood apartments, where you'll discover calming waterfalls and Japanese-style gardens throughout, mixed with the closeness to all the nearby Fortune 500 tech employers and city conveniences of Santa Clara.
Entertain guests in the clubhouse with fully-equipped kitchen and large movie-viewing screen, lounge on the plush cushions at the heated spa and pool, challenge yourself to a private core training or yoga session in the fitness center, or enjoy a relaxing day at a nearby spa. Whatever you choose, you'll find plenty of choices for recreation and relaxation at this one-of-a-kind community.
Strength meets style at this newly upgraded Santa Clara apartment community, where you'll find tough faux wood flooring and durable granite-like countertops, new cabinet finishes, and oversized living areas with customized paint schemes that help to unlock your hidden creativity.
Summerwood apartments is conveniently located just moments away from all that Santa Clara has to offer, including major tech employers like Apple, HP and Google, upscale shopping at Santana Row, well-known Westfield Mall, downtown mecca of dining, major grocery stores, and the historic Century movie theatres. Summerwood is nestled between Pruneridge golf course, Henry Schmidt Park and Westwood Elementary School.
Finally, a Santa Clara lifestyle that clicks with your life plans. Come experience the ease of living at Summerwood apartments. Schedule your personal tour today. Features - Courtyard view  - Easy DSL access  - Tandem parking availability*  - Semi-private entryways  - Spacious closets and walk-in closets  - Storage on patios/balconies  - Large patio/balcony  - Central air conditioning  - Cable ready  - All electric economy sized kitchens  - Spacious floor plans  - Triple-size patio doors  - Wood-burning fireplaces *Select apartment homes. Amenities are subject to change. **No size limit. Breed restrictions apply. Community Amenities - Six large laundry facilities  - Pet friendly**  - Meticulously landscaped courtyards  - Convenient to shopping and major freeways  - Adjacent to 9 hole golf course  - Private training room  - Quiet Environment  - Gated community with controlled access  - Spa  - Sand volleyball court  - Ample guest parking *  - Planned monthly community activities  - Waterway features  - Large pool (Olympic size)  - Community dog park  - Fitness center  - Private training room  - Energy efficient in-home laundry *  - Media room  - Clubhouse  - Adjacent to Henry Schmidt Park Equal Housing Opportunity  Santa Clara apartments Summerwood 4oSCwgJvNo

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 11:43
Price: $2922
Latitude: 37.334644
Longitude: -121.960967
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: NA
