$5850 / 3br - 1585ft2 - West Menlo Park 3 bedroom remodeled duplex with yard available NOW (menlo park)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Charming Menlo Park 3bedroom 1 and 1/2 bath with yard and additional bonus room/office for lease.  
Centrally located quiet 3 bedroom 1.5 bath unit with bonus room and yard is available for lease. Enjoy 1,585 square feet of completely remodeled stylish living space. Ideal location is walking distance to downtown Menlo Park and Caltrain.  To see a video check out https://vimeo.com/221657739. A 3D video is available here http://tours.beyondvtmarketing.com/public/vtour/display/793795?idx=1#!/matterport 
Award-winning Menlo Park Schools, easy access to Stanford, the Facebook campus and close proximity to business commuter routes enhance the allure of the residence.
The dwelling is highlighted by its generously proportioned lot, distinctive curb appeal
and highly livable floor plan. The picturesque front yard creates a warm welcome to the
property, with quintessential front porches, lush lawn, mature trees and manicured
landscaping creating an inviting first impression. Broad picture windows draw upon
these views to offer a pleasing backdrop for the compelling living rooms just inside.
The fluid layout transitions to a centrally located kitchen. The private bedroom wing,
with airy rooms and a conveniently positioned hall bath, presents restful quarters away
from the main living areas.
The idyllic rear yard is landscaped to provide a spectacular venue for outdoor
entertaining and play, including a side patio, mature trees and level lawn.
Tasteful interior finishes - refinished oak hardwood floors, new windows and doors,
recessed lighting, remodeled bathrooms and a neutral color palette.
• Universally appealing design elements including oak hardwood floors, natural
stone surfaces, porcelain tile, neutral paint tones, broad windows, skylights and
recessed lighting
• Neatly manicured yard with thriving trees, rose garden, lush lawn,
perimeter perennials and versatile hardscape
• Open concept living rooms with large picture windows, built-in bookcases and
warm wood burning fireplace
• Cheery kitchen features an abundance of inset white shaker
cabinetry, honed granite counters, subway tile backsplash and quality stainless
appliances including a 4-burner range/oven, refrigerator and dishwasher
• Three upstairs bedrooms and bonus room with ample, walk-in closet space
• Pristine and sparkling upstairs hall bath with a stall shower, soaking tub and
pedestal sink
• Remodeled, main level powder room
• One attached one-car garage and space for one additional car parking on property
Washer and dryer in unit.
Terms:
One year lease
Rent $5850
Deposit $5850
Application and current credit report required.
Tenant pays utilities except for gardener and garbage
Sorry NO Pets.
Interested? Contact Virginia at   show contact info
 or reply to this posting.
Application and current credit report required.

Date Posted: October 08, 2018 at 23:38
Price: $5850
Latitude: 37.458538
Longitude: -122.177075
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 1.5
Sqft: 1585
