$3865 / 2br - 879ft2 - Lease Today & Receive 6 Weeks Free!! (redwood city)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Redwood City Apartments Featuring Unparalleled Amenities
At 201 Marshall, you'll find a variety of in-home and community-wide amenities and conveniences meant to help you stay stress-free and relaxed. In-home amenities include an open-space kitchen and full appliance package, a washer and dryer, spacious closets, and a private patio space or balcony. Further conveniences include a BBQ area, roof deck and outdoor lounge, a fitness center, and much more. Contact us today to learn more and tour our Redwood City apartments today!Community Amenities2-Minute Walk from Caltrain Station and Zipcar • Bicycle Storage and Workspace • Build It Green™ Certified • Business Center with Private Conference Room • Concierge Level Services Available • Controlled Access Community • Courtyard with Outdoor Kitchen BBQ and Dining Area • Covered Garage Parking • EV Parking Stations • Expansive Roof Deck with Indoor/Outdoor Lounge • Live/Work Space • Located in the Heart of Redwood City's Shopping, Dining, and Entertainment Center • Modern Fitness Center • New Construction Property • On Site Storage Opportunities Available • Professional On Site Management • We Love Pets!* • WiFi Access in Common AreasApartment Amenities9- to 17-Foot Ceilings • Central Air Conditioning and Heat • Complete Stainless Steel Appliance Package • Designer Flat-Panel Cabinetry with European Hardware • Expansive Windows • Hardwood Style Flooring in Designated Areas* • In-Home, Full-Size Washer and Dryer • Modern Studio, One-, and Two-Bedroom Apartments with Loft and Live/Work Designs Available • Personal Patios and Balconies* • Quartz Countertops • Recessed Lighting • Two-Tone Paint Palate with Accent Walls Available*Certain floor plans may have different amenities depending on when they were updated, what building they're in, etc. To tour our floor plans and see what amenities may be available, please call us at  show contact info
*Restrictions Apply. See Sales Associate For Details.Welcome to 201 Marshall, a new and exciting residential community located in Redwood City, California! Choose from studio, one-, and two-bedroom homes that feature spacious interiors, modern design and style, amenities, and conveniences that make everyday life much more relaxing and exciting. 201 Marshall also offers residents convenience with one of the most central apartments Redwood City has to offer. If you'd like to learn more, please get in touch with us!We Love Pets! Please review our Pet Policy.Monday: 10AM-6PMTuesday: 10AM-6PMWednesday: 10AM-6PMThursday: 10AM-6PMFriday: 10AM-6PMSaturday: 10AM-6PMSunday:Closed

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 17:10
Price: $3865
Latitude: 37.485637
Longitude: -122.231476
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 879
