$2850 / 1br - 625ft2 - Modern One Bedroom with Gorgeous Vaulted Ceilings- Lvl 2 EV chargers (mountain view)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
This apartment is meticulously conceptualized, designed and modernized, these beautifully crafted apartments have been completely renovated from top to bottom. They boast intelligent, modern design, and all of the conveniences of contemporary materials. This includes designer inspired kitchens, comprised of a Dishwasher, Refrigerator, Stove and Garbage Disposal, all in beautiful stainless steel. There are New Double-Pane Windows, Cable-LED Lighting, a Forced Air Furnace, Frameless Glass Enclosed Shower Stall and sturdy engineered floors throughout. 
You will find a striking 14ft, vaulted, open-beam ceiling and a beautiful, private deck for soaking up the sunshine. 
The modern courtyard has been beautifully landscaped with a fire pit, community BBQ area, and plenty of space for gatherings while you enjoy the amazing weather of beautiful Mountain View. 
Laundry is free on-site, with brand new high-capacity machines, and lockers available to store your laundry supplies in nearby convenience. 
Settled on the border of Los Altos and Mountain View, this building is conveniently located within walking distance to Caltrain and VTA, and within biking distance to the Google Campus for hassle-free commuting. Taking a stroll over to Castro Street in Downtown Mountain View is easy and provides a myriad of options for dining, shopping, pubs, clubs, or even the local Farmer's Market held on Sundays. 
These apartments are part of a quiet neighborhood with plenty of parking. Across the street is McKelvey Park, and it's a short distance to Eagle Park or Pioneer Memorial Park. The St. Francis Acres neighborhood boasts great schools nearby, including: Benjamin Bubb Elementary, Isaac Newton Graham Middle School, Los Altos High, and St. Joseph School. 
This is a very Pet friendly property, although an additional deposit will be required. There is a limit of two (2) animals per apartment. Dogs require an additional $50 per month fee, and a one-time enrollment fee of $50 to Doggie DNA in order to encourage responsible pet waste disposal. 
One (1) Covered Parking Space is included with additional spots available.
Dedicated Level 2 40 amp EV Charging also available. 
Residents pay for their own metered Gas & Electricity, and share the cost of common area utilities (Water and Sewer; Garbage and Recycling) which costs approximately $65 per month, per person.

Date Posted: October 31, 2018 at 07:22
Price: $2850
Latitude: 37.387259
Longitude: -122.090099
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 0
Sqft: 625
