$3232 / 2br - TOP FLOOR! ROOMY, MODERN 2BR APARTMENT WITH BALCONY! FREE PARKING! (pacifica)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
SEACLIFF APARTMENTS
300 Palmetto Avenue

Pacifica, CA 94044

Phone:  show contact info
 

Fax:  show contact info


Email:  show contact info
 

Website: http://www.Seacliff-Apts.com    
Office Hours
Monday -- Saturday  9am -- 6pm
Sunday 11am -- 5pm


 Located in the coastal community of Pacifica, Seacliff Apartments offers spacious apartments with designer gourmet kitchens, ample sized closets and modern touches in every room. We're just footsteps away from the Pacific Ocean and just minutes from San Francisco. Come experience the beautiful sunsets, walks on the beach, and the crisp ocean air.
Featured this week is a roomy and spacious 2 bedroom, 1 bath apartment home

Currently available for only $3,232* a month.

Second floor apartment with balcony; courtyard views

Plush Berber carpet throughout

Wood-like flooring in kitchen and bathroom

Granite counters in kitchen and bathroom

Modern kitchen appliances

Gas stove and gas heat

Large linen closet in hallway

Mirrored sliding glass door closets in bedrooms

Ample cupboard and drawer space
 COMMUNITY 

Pacifica is located just 16 miles south of San Francisco along the scenic coast of the Pacific Ocean. Known for its natural beauty, Pacifica is filled with numerous hiking trails through rolling hills that overlook the ocean surf. Pacifica offers great fishing spots for surf casting, pier fishing and crabbing; surfing, golfing, biking, parasailing and hang gliding.
 FEATURES & AMENITIES 

Enjoy the comfort of your bright and spacious two bedroom apartment. The 2 bedroom 1 bath apartment has generous closet space overlooking lushly landscaped courtyards. Entertain your guests with our designer gourmet kitchen with gas stove.

Seacliff Apartments also offers a full range of recreation and leisure activities. Take a soothing dip in the refreshing crystal clear swimming pool or relax and lounge in the sundeck area. Want to work up a sweat? Seacliff Apartments also offers a fully equipped strength and endurance state-of-the-art fitness center with deluxe dry saunas. 
Ready to tour your new apartment home at Seacliff?

Simply give one of our friendly leasing agents a call to schedule an appointment. Or, if you're in the area during normal business hours, feel free to drop by! We look forward to hearing from you.

We are conveniently located close to public transportation, shopping plazas and highways/freeways. Also, downtown San Francisco with world-class shopping and dining is only minute's away!
DIRECTIONS
From San Francisco

Take Highway 280 South. Exit onto Highway 1 South. Take the Palmetto Avenue exit. At the "Y" in the road, take the right ramp. Turn right at the stop sign onto Palmetto. Seacliff is on your left.

* Pricing based on move-in date and lease term. All rental rates and availabilities are subject to change without prior notice.

Date Posted: October 10, 2018 at 15:34
Price: $3232
Latitude: 37.653966
Longitude: -122.491107
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
