$2800 / 2br - 850ft2 - Walking Distance to San Mateo Downtown and Central Park (san mateo)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
This 2 bedroom 1 bath apartment is conveniently located near 3rd Ave and Central Park. Shops, restaurants, and movie theater, CalTrain and more are all walking distance. This apartment is located in the upstairs of a 6 unit building. The living room is situated above the private enclosed garages for maximum privacy and little noise factor from neighboring apartments. Additional features include:
- Rent is $2900 a month
- $3500 expected security deposit (may vary depending on credit and financial background)
- 2 coin operated laundry rooms with a total of 2 washers and 2 dryers
- Hardwood flooring in the living room and dining area with carpet throughout the rest of apartment
- Tenant to pay for all utilities 
- No smoking, No pets
- 1 bedroom in the back of the apartment and 1 bedroom in the front 
- Walk in closet
- Enclosed parking garage and driveway space (2 car parking)
- Bright and spacious living room and dining room
- Patio off of the master bedroom looking over the courtyard garden
In order to apply please email us:
Initial Application Documents:
If Employed:
1. A copy of your driver's license
2. Your most recent paystubs or a copy of an offer letter from your company
3. Your direct supervisor's contact information (Name, position, email and phone number)
4. A list of all of the occupants intending to occupy the apartment and their contact information (email & phone)
5. The address of your previous residence
6. The contact number of your previous landlord
If a Student:
1. A copy of your driver's license or equivalent ID
2. A copy of your student ID
3. Co-Signer's information (ID, email and phone)
4. A copy of any financial aid
5. The address of your previous residence
6. The contact number of your previous landlord
After you send your initial documentation we will send you an online application form through Transunion's MySmartMove platform. Each applicant must pay a $40 application fee that is paid directly to Transunion to obtain a Credit History Report, Eviction History Report and Criminal Background Check. Additional documents may be required.
After the review of the completed application package, the property manager will verify all information that was submitted by contacting previous landlords, employers etc. The landlord will then make the decision if you have been accepted or rejected. If accepted, the drafted lease will be sent to you for review and acceptance. After your acceptance of the lease, the move in costs will be due 48 hours after the lease is signed.
This apartment is offered with equal housing opportunity for all.
For more information and a video of the apartment please email New Generation Investments. Thank you for your consideration in this apartment and we hope to make this your new home.
New Generation Investments Inc.
BRE Lic. #01390988
Real Estate Sales, Leasing and Property Management

Date Posted: October 10, 2018 at 16:14
Price: $2800
Latitude: 37.558836
Longitude: -122.322480
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 850
