$2320 / 2br - ***** NEW, 2 Bed 2 Bath! ***** (petaluma)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Addison Ranch is situated in the heart of Petaluma, nestled in a quiet neighborhood near bustling downtown Petaluma, within the prestigious Petaluma School District. Enjoy reserved, off-street parking and close proximity to shopping centers and Highway 101. Invite friends over to relax in our community clubhouse, at home on your private patio or balcony, or go out and explore the outdoors on the Lynch Creek Trail.If you are looking for a two-bedroom two-bathroom apartment, Addison Ranch has the perfect home for you! This unique apartment home features two large bedrooms with spacious closets, a guest bathroom as well as a master bathroom with double sinks. The residence has the perfect blend of designer wood-inspired flooring and carpet. It also includes central heat and air conditioning so residents can be comfortable year-round. Each bedroom has a bright window outfitted with dual-pane, energy-efficient windows and views of the grounds! Addison Ranch is a community with an array of extra amenities for residents. Lounge by one of our two shimmering swimming pools or play a round of billiards in our new Clubhouse. Learn more about living in this new construction beautiful two-bedroom apartment at Addison Ranch today!                                        $800.00 Security DepositWe love our furry friends!Pets - Max 2 allowed, Rent $30.00, Deposit $400.00Comments: Breed restrictions apply.  A deposit and rent charge is required for each pet.  The first pet is $400 deposit, the second is an additional $200.Cats -  allowedDogs -  allowedCommunity AmenitiesClubhouse • Pool • Reserved Covered Parking • Common Area Wi-fi Hotspots • Fitness Center • Recreation Room • Central Heat and Air • Online Resident Portal • Door to Door Refuse and Recycling Service • On-Site Maintenance • On-Site ManagementApartment AmenitiesAir Conditioning • Semi-Private Entry • Stainless Steel Appliances • Gas Range • Hardwood Inspired Floors • Built-in Microwave • Private Balcony/Patio* • Refrigerator • Washer/Dryer • Cable ReadyStop by today for a tour of our beautiful community!Mon-Fri: 9AM-6PMSat - Sun: 9AM-5PMFeel free to stop in and take a tour of our community!Addison Ranch Apartments200 Greenbriar CirclePetaluma, CA 94954If you have been displaced due to the on-going fires in California, Addison Ranch wants to help you. We are offering waived application fees, discounts on the holding deposit and basic household items care packages to all victims of the wild fires.Phone:  show contact info
 Url: http://www.addisonranch-petaluma.com/t/ad?ref=2ae54fbc00dc5b784a1e17b5efbc9337Federal law prohibits housing discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, familial status, or disability.

Date Posted: November 02, 2018 at 17:45
Price: $2320
Latitude: 38.250700
Longitude: -122.615500
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 0
Sqft: NA
