$2244 / 2br - Wow! Great Price For a Great Place! (petaluma)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Addison Ranch is situated in the heart of Petaluma, nestled in a quiet neighborhood near bustling downtown Petaluma, within the prestigious Petaluma School District. Take in some fun at the Washington Square Shopping Center, McDowell Park, and the Lynch Creek Trail. Or explore the neighborhood and beyond with easy access to Highway 101 and the Petaluma Municipal Airport.Addison Ranch is situated in the heart of Petaluma, California, within the prestigious Petaluma School District. Our newly renovated community is nestled within an established residential neighborhood just moments from bustling downtown Petaluma, Washington Square, Hwy 101 and the Petaluma Municipal Airport. We are within walking distance to restaurants, shopping and public transportation. Whether you want to zip up to the wine country for the day, or enjoy all that the city life of San Francisco has to offer, both are at your fingertips. At Addison Ranch, you'll find that our apartment homes offer sprawling one and two bedroom floor plans designed to suit a variety of lifestyles. Be one of the first to enjoy new contemporary style cabinetry, quartz counter tops, stainless steel appliances, wood inspired flooring, central heat/air, in home washer and dryer and private patios or luxurious wrap around balconies. You'll enjoy the convenience of the free WIFI access while lounging near our two refreshing swimming pools, or working out in our state of the art fitness center. Whether it be sophistication or recreation that you are looking for, we're sure you will find it at Addison Ranch. Welcome home!Bring Your Pets Or Dont We Love It All! We Have Treats In The office!Pets - Max 2 allowed, Rent $30.00, Deposit $400.00Comments: Breed restrictions apply.  A deposit and rent charge is required for each pet.  The first pet is $400 deposit, the second is an additional $200.Cats -  allowedDogs -  allowedCommunity AmenitiesClubhouse • Pool • Reserved Covered Parking • Common Area Wi-fi Hotspots • Fitness Center • Recreation Room • Central Heat and Air • Online Resident Portal • Door to Door Refuse and Recycling Service • On-Site Maintenance • On-Site ManagementApartment AmenitiesAir Conditioning • Semi-Private Entry • Stainless Steel Appliances • Gas Range • Hardwood Inspired Floors • Built-in Microwave • Private Balcony/Patio* • Refrigerator • Washer/Dryer • Cable ReadyWe are here waiting to show you your new Home!  Stop by today.  Mon-Fri: 9AM-6PMSat - Sun: 9AM-5PMCome visit us atAddison Ranch Apartments200 Greenbriar CirclePetaluma, CA 94954If you have been displaced due to the on-going fires in California, Addison Ranch wants to help you. We are offering waived application fees, discounts on the holding deposit and basic household items care packages to all victims of the wild fires.Phone:  show contact info
 Url: http://www.addisonranch-petaluma.com/t/ad?ref=c703dc0327959fe963300be598b6ab17Our pricing changes daily, act quickly to get the home of your dreams at the price you love!

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 09:53
Price: $2244
Latitude: 38.250700
Longitude: -122.615500
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 0
Sqft: NA
