$2000 / 1br - 763ft2 - This Home is BOOtiful & Ready Today! (santa rosa)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 x 41OR Text 41 to  show contact info
 to text with us. This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 763 Sq. Ft.  It's not just scenic. It reflects a more urban, contemporary flow and scene. At Acacia on Santa Rosa Creek, we have a vision that incorporates today's exciting lifestyles without sacrificing the timeless, picturesque surroundings you love.Our inviting community is full of luxurious amenities. Inside our residences, you'll be just as pampered. Designer features, modern touches and spacious plans will keep up with you day to night. Altogether, living at Acacia on Santa Rosa Creek allows you the best of everything.  Features: Multiple Phone and Cable Lines, Full-sized Whirlpool Washer/Dryer, Furnished Units Available, Nine-Foot Ceilings, Gas Stove, Maple Cabinetry in Kitchen and Baths, Huge Private Patio or Balcony, High-speed Internet Access, Frost-free Refrigerator with Ice Maker, Central Heat and Air Conditioning, Built-in Computer Desk*, Walk-in Closet, Whirlpool Kitchen Appliances, Granite Countertops, Hardwood Flooring, Master Bedroom Ceiling Fan, Breakfast Counter and Kitchen Pantry, Oversized Hourglass-Shaped Bathtubs, Raised Panel Doors  Community Amenities: Clubhouse with Large Screen TV, Planned Resident Activities, Fitness Center, On-site Car Wash Area, Professional On-site Management, Resort-style Pool and Spa Heated year round, Adjacent to the Santa Rosa Creek Trail, Outdoor Living Area with BBQ & Fire Pit, Playground, Customer Care Concierge Services, Garage with Automatic Opener (or) Reserved Covered Parking, Business Center, Billiard Table, Pets welcome and Adored  Pet Policy: Pets welcome Visit This Website to See More:http://cl.greystar.com/32080aEqual Housing Opportunity niZY76tVyK

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 15:54
Price: $2000
Latitude: 38.459200
Longitude: -122.639300
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 763
