$3000 / 1br - 1250ft2 - ***Lovely Furnished 1 Bedroom+ Office, Just 2 Blocks to Sonoma Square! (sonoma)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
* Gorgeous Furnished (flexible!) 1/ 1+ Office/ 2 Bedroom Main Floor Apartment in Tastefully Remodeled Historic Victorian Mansion, Just 2 blocks from Historic Sonoma Square! Lovely purely residential or mixed use, live- work space!! *
Available:  Now
Phone/ text: 	 show contact info

		Please contact to view. Very flexible regarding timing, but no drop- ins please!
Term: 		Prefer a one year or one year plus lease but willing to consider a shorter one too  
Smoking: 	No smoking inside or on property.
Furnished: 	Lots of flexibility here! You are welcome to rent it fully furnished (down to the last spoon), partially 		furnished or unfurnished- happy to discuss!
Pets: 		Permitted on approval. If you have a dog or dogs, please describe them. Sorry, no cats.
Other: 		Security deposit, rental application, credit check required 
		All common services and utilities bills are shared equitably, including wifi and cable TV 
		Air conditioning- yes!
Enjoy an amazing location in the heart of a historic neighborhood, just adjacent to the Sonoma Square- Sonoma's cultural hub and just a stroll away from amenities and entertainment. 
The apartment is on the main floor of a gorgeous Victorian Mansion on an extra large lot with the entrance through the main front door and foyer. The house has been recently renovated with attention devoted to retaining its original character and charm. 
FEATURES: Tons of light streaming in through windows galore, newly refinished original hardwood floors, spacious rooms, high ceilings, two sets of French double doors, a decorative fireplace and is enveloped by the  privacy and beauty only mature landscaping can provide.  
Kitchen: The kitchen cabinetry, stainless steel cold water and ice dispensing fridge, microwave and five burner gas stove are all brand new. 
Bathroom: The bathroom has gorgeous windows and a huge mirror that reflects all the greenery outside, a double vanity, a long (very practical) banquette and a custom built two person shower with tile and glass walls. 
Bedroom +:  There is one spacious bedroom and one large bonus room (even bigger than the spacious bedroom!) which can be used as a second bedroom, an office, a formal living room etc., based on your needs.  
You will also enjoy the lovely front porch surrounded by roses and an expansive backyard flagstone patio surrounded by trees.   
If you see this post, the space is available. When you respond, it would be great to hear a bit about you  
Thanks!

Date Posted: October 10, 2018 at 10:57
Price: $3000
Latitude: 38.287729
Longitude: -122.458508
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 1250
