$2260 / 2br - Brand New 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath at Esposti Park Apts.*MOVE IN SPECIAL!* (healdsburg / windsor)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
MOVE IN SPECIAL!! 2 weeks free rent with immediate occupancy
The brand new  Esposti Park Apartments offers a little bit of the " City" in the Country. These beautifully designed  luxury  apartments  have a distinct light and airy urban feel. The clean fresh finishes are both modern and efficient.  Esposti Park Apartments offers one, two and three bedroom units The complex  features  bike lockers , electric car charging stations, pre-wired satellite and Comcast cable and a lovely common barbeque /picnic area. The complex is located directly across from Esposti Park.  There is easy access to highway 101 to take you to Santa Rosa as well as to the Windsor Town Green, both only minutes away.  Units are available for occupancy now !  Don't wait to call for an appointment to view your next home.  
Call Resident Manager at  show contact info

Please note  we  do not permit pets or accept housing vouchers . We are a no- smoking complex.   
To view floor plans visit us at: Espostiparkapartments.com    
The two bedroom, two bath flat units are walk up units which are found on the second or third floors offering expansive views from each window.  These units  feature laminate wood flooring , Quartz countertops, all stainless steel appliances , gas stoves, built in microwave , on- demand hot water heaters ,  large open living areas,  exceptional  lighting, large picture windows and extra storage . Washer/dryers and air conditioning is also included in each unit.  Each bedroom is spacious and with ample closet space.  
 The rent is $2260.00 per month with a deposit of $2360.00.  The photos attached are representative of the units available.
1 year lease required
evidence of renter's insurance required

Date Posted: September 17, 2018 at 15:44
Price: $2260
Latitude: 38.544300
Longitude: -122.807300
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: NA
