$1995 / 1br - 900ft2 - pets welcome, easy free application, smoking permitted, nice 1 bed (mill valley)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Hi,
I am moving this month and am looking for someone to take over lease, pay prorated rent for october after move in date. There is a $2000 deposit.
The application process is not too strict. There is no fee, no credit check, just income verification. SO this is a great opportunity for someone who is looking in the $2000 range, pet friendly, smoker friendly rental.
I LOVE the location. Tam Valley has been one of the prettiest places I have lived in Marin. Access to near by beaches, be it walk, bicycle or drive. Great place to walk dogs. Friendly neighbors with well behaved dogs in the complex and throughout the neighborhood.
I am a non smoker and some of the tenants smoke below my deck and there is no code enforcement by the city because we are outside the city limits. For this reason I had to tell  the smokers to not smoke here and now I am feeling like I would like to move and not try to be the "enforcer".
This apartment is very spacious, front and back decks give some outdoor living value too. Tons of closet space and cupboards have been great. I feel like I am not cramped, can have an abundance of things and not have a croweded living space because of the 4 large closets.
The bathroom has a tub and shower, pretty light and I replaced the showerhead with a water filter. 
The apartment itself has wonderful southern light. Although Tam Valley can be a foggy reality, my plants thrive here on the deck. I grew tomatoes and they are still coming. 
Please contact me if you would like to do a walk through and check it out and fill out an application. Please be serious and have the right income to take over lease. And remember there is a $2000 deposit. Please don't waste our time. This is a average to below market rental rate, accepts pets, and is clean and beautiful. 
email with a phone number so we can arrange on the telephone.
Thank you~

Date Posted: October 11, 2018 at 11:25
Price: $1995
Latitude: 37.880155
Longitude: -122.538386
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 900
