$3500 / 2br - 990ft2 - Welcome HOME to the Towers! (sausalito)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Enjoy Views and light in your two bedroom/ one bath apartment home in the Towers! 

 Lovely TWO bedroom/ONE Bath apartment available NOW! 
Newly renovated, Clean, Light and Lovely!  Sunrise views of North Richardson Bay from your living room, dining room, bedroom and balcony. Open Plan kitchen with NEW Granite counter tops and spacious cabinets, All NEW Stainless steel appliances. Large Bathroom with attractive tile surrounds and countertop. LARGE covered balcony, NEW Plush Wall to wall carpets through out. W/D in apartment. Wood Burning fireplace! NEW Floor to ceiling windows bring the light and views into every room.   Available early November 2018!  $3500/month with 12 month lease.  Please NO SMOKING!   Indoor Cat OK with additional Pet deposit

THIS HOME IS LOADED WITH AMENITIES:

NEWLY Remodeled Kitchen with granite counter tops and all NEW appliances
Renovated Bathroom with marble tile shower/tub surrounds and tops
Private covered balcony with Angel Island/BAY views
NEW Plush Wall to wall carpets with upgraded pads
Large living room/dining room
NEW Floor to ceiling windows to bring in the view
Elevator in building for easy access
Bosch Washer/Dryer in unit
ONE cat OK with pet deposit


 Expanded Digital cable package provided 
Wood burning fireplace
Water/sewage/trash pickup paid by owner
Outdoor heated lap pool 
Attentive Friendly Resident management
On site maintenance team
Friendly quiet community
Beautiful landscaping
Assigned garage parking space
Large Private storage room

Come HOME to Sausalito!
Convenient to Sausalito Ferry terminal (service to San Francisco) and public transportation. Less than 3 minutes north of Golden Gate Bridge. Walk to downtown Sausalito to enjoy shops, cafes, restaurants and art galleries! Hike, Bike trails nearby; Row, Kayak or Sail on the Bay from our neighboring marinas! Surf or boogie board or enjoy a stroll on Rodeo beach, just 10 minutes away.  Or just relax on your private balcony and enjoy the views.


Also Available NOW!
 2 bed/12 bath  top floor end unit apartment with Angel Island/Richardson Bay views. Beautifully remodeled throughout! Remodeled kitchen with granite counter tops, spacious cabinets, and Stainless Steel appliances. Bosch W/D in apartment. Remodeled bathroom, Plush wall to wall carpet.
Available NOW!  $4200/month with 12 month lease NO SMOKING!  One indoor cat OK with additional deposit

CALL now for an appointment to see our beautiful property!
One cat welcome (pet deposit required)
 NO SMOKING per Sausalito Ordinance!
Be sure to visit our web site:
www.sausalitotowers.com
Please CALL to schedule an appointment!
Sausalito Towers Apartmentsshow contact info

We are waiting to Welcome you HOME!

Date Posted: October 11, 2018 at 14:37
Price: $3500
Latitude: 37.861878
Longitude: -122.497408
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 990
