$2015 / 1br - 661ft2 - Apartments in Petaluma: Want The Best Value? (petaluma)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
One, Two, & Three Bedroom Apartments in Petaluma, CA
When you come home, you deserve to feel at home - and at The Vineyard Luxury Apartments, we make that easy. Our gorgeous resort-style pool is adorned with cabanas and a communal barbecue area, and our state-the-art fitness center features basketball, soccer, and tennis courts. Perfectly located halfway between bustling San Francisco and the gorgeous Napa Valley wine country, The Vineyard features luxury apartments with  resort-style amenities designed to provide a luxury lifestyle. Plus, with Petaluma situated at the halfway mark between San Francisco and Napa Valley, a trip into the city or a day in the wine country is never more than a short drive away!
Find Your Dream Apartment in Petaluma, CA
Why settle for less than what you truly deserve? Contact The Vineyard Luxury Apartments to find the perfect apartment for a luxury lifestyle in Petaluma at an affordable price. Call us at  show contact info
 to learn more about the apartments we have to offer or schedule a viewing, and don't hesitate to  apply online to see if you're eligible.
Act now to take advantage of our limited-time specials!
$500 Off Upfront or Prorated!! Online rates show $500 prorated which is why rates are $42 per month lower than before!! Hurry now before the special ends and rates go back up!!
Our amenities include:
⁃ Play Area
⁃ Fitness Facility
⁃ Oversized Closets
⁃ 4 Refreshing Pools
⁃ Laundry Facilities
Prices starting at: $2015
Call  show contact info

For more information, visit us at: liveatjrk.com/the-vineyard_17e0a7e2_482060
Equal Housing Opportunity
We go to great lengths to comply with the Fair Housing Act, which prohibits "any preference, limitation, or discrimination because of race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin, or intention to make such preference, limitation or discrimination."

Date Posted: October 09, 2018 at 19:10
Price: $2015
Latitude: 38.240037
Longitude: -122.590965
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 661
