$2300 / 1br - 650ft2 - **Gorgeous Verdant Furnished Flat- Just 2 Blocks to Sonoma Square!** (sonoma)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Available: 1 November
dogs are OK - woof- on approval. It will be helpful to have you describe your dog.   
furnished 
apartment 
laundry on site 
no smoking 
one off-street parking, ample street parking  
Available: 1 September
To see it: Please contact below to view. Very flexible regarding timing, but no drop- ins please!
Text/phone:  show contact info

Email:  show contact info

						DESCRIPTION 
***** Gorgeous Furnished 1 Bedroom/ 1 Bathroom Ground Floor Apartment in Tastefully Renovated  Historic Victorian Mansion, Just 2 blocks from Historic Sonoma Square! *****
PHOTOS: As you can probably tell, these photos were taken at night; the space looks even nicer by day :) Will post photos of deck, flagstone patio  etc. soon!
THE PROPERTY: 
Known as the Goodman House and built at the turn of the century, this house has had many uses in the past. Last summer it was lovingly restored and modernized while retaining it's original charming character and reverted back to it's original residential use. You will absolutely enjoy living, visiting and entertaining here!
THE LOCATION: 
The location could not be more perfect. On Broadway lined with beautifully mature trees and historic street lamps, this historic home is just two blocks from the old stone City Hall in Sonoma Plaza, Sonoma's central outdoor hub for many a cultural and community activity. Everything is just a stroll away including wine tasting, beer gardens, restaurants, bakeries, coffee roasters, the library, churches, banks, movie theater, aerobic exercise, yoga, Whole Foods, hiking, bike rentals, off- leash dog park, hospital, schools and even the flagship Williams- Sonoma Store. We are just 14 miles away from Napa as well as highway101.
YOUR FLAT:
There are hardwood floors throughout, plenty of storage and verdant views out almost every window! The oversized queen bedroom has a huge walk in closet. The bathroom has a shower- tub combo and ample shelving. Enjoy the comfy living and dining room space with wainscoting detail and a really handy pantry/ bar area adjacent to it. This flat stays pleasantly cool in the summers, additionally there are ceiling fans and air conditioning. The kitchen boasts all new stainless steel appliances (cold water and ice dispensing fridge, microwave and five burner gas stove). There is a lovely walk out from the kitchen onto the deck and from there onto the lovely shared flagstone patio in the shade of the old chestnut tree.  You are welcome to entertain outdoors in the expansive tree dotted (plums, loquats, figs, chestnut, plum and more) partially fenced yard spaces. Set up your BBQ and if you enjoy plants, feel free to garden away! 
MISCELLANEOUS: 
Lease Duration: 1 year preferred. Please contact regarding an alternate term. 
Deposit (s): Required 
Pets Policy: Accepted on approval with additional conditions. 
Laundry: In house- a bright and lovely shared laundry room. No coin laundry!
Parking: Included. You will have off- street parking and there is also ample street parking.
Services and utilities: Shared equitably.
Smoking: No smoking inside or on property.
Required: Rental application, current credit report, security deposit and references.

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 12:56
Price: $2300
Latitude: 38.287729
Longitude: -122.458508
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 650
