$2299 / 2br - 2Bd Apartment @ Woodcreek in Petaluma, Move-In 11/15, Unit W-8CBF (petaluma)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Woodcreek Apartments LP is a fantastic place to live, and we welcome you to visit us : )
And, while you are here, please talk with us to see just how much we can offer to save you money on rent!  
Petaluma is a wonderful place to live within Sonoma County, and our location within the City of Petaluma is both convenient, and quiet.  Our Woodcreek Apartments LP property is diverse, everyone is welcome here, and our application process is free.  You may apply online, in person, and we can send you an application packet by email to help get things started.  This ad contains information intended to help your application with us to be both successful, as well as to be processed without undue delay. 
We want to work with you, and your schedule, so please feel free to reply by phone, email, or even to just stop by.  Our regular office hours are from 9am to 6pm, Monday thru Saturday, however, Sunday appointments can often be arranged.  We want to work with you and your schedule. 
We are a small community, conveniently located just four blocks from downtown Petaluma, only two blocks from Mcnear school and park.  We're just far enough from the hustle-n-bustle of downtown, yet close enough to enjoy a walk to just about everything you might need, even if a healthy walk is all you that need.  The Victorian houses in the surrounding neighborhood are picturesque, and inspiring to many.  Take advantage of Petaluma's great local shops, the theater district, fabulous restaurants, health clubs, the Farmer's Market, and so much more.  We are also near many beautiful parks for you to hike or bike in, or to just enjoy an evening stroll.
Imagine enjoying the following features, all while being your own upstairs/downstairs neighbor, in one of our well-appointed Two-Story construction apartments!
Features:
*Two upstairs Bedrooms
*One upstairs Bathroom
*Downstairs Kitchen
*Downstairs Living Room
*Laminate floors (We have a variety of floor combinations available, so please tell us what you like.)
*Patio
*Washer & Dryer Hook-Ups (not all units)
*Our On-Site laundry facility features Online technology, for the monitoring of your laundry load status!
*Dishwasher/Stove/Oven/Refrigerator
*Garbage Disposal
*Built-In Microwave 
*Wood-burning Fireplace Insert
*Ceiling Fan
*Cable and Internet Ready
Woodcreek Apartments LP
630 G St. #9
Petaluma Ca. 94952
THIS IS A NON-SMOKING PROPERTY
Garage/Storage units are available @ $150.00/month (Residents Only)
TWO BEDROOM 1 BATH Non-Re-modeled $2,199.00/ Re-modeled $2,299.00 (approx. 700 sq. ft.) (One Year Lease)
Security Deposit = One Month's Rent (Depending Upon Credit) 
Pro-Rated First Month's Rent 
$500.00 Holding Deposit 
Additional deposit for Pets $550.00
Monthly Pet Rent: Dogs $75.00, Cats $35.00 (Indoor Cats Only)
2 Pet Maximum
Breed & Weight Restrictions Apply (Must be less than 40 lbs.)
NO APPLICATION OR CREDIT CHECK FEE
APPLY IN-PERSON, OR ONLINE AT: www DOT on DASH site DOT com
6 Month Lease $25.00 Additional
Month to Month $50.00 Additional (3 Month Minimum Lease Requirement) 
Utilities Not Included
Prices are subject to change without notice.
CURRENT APPLICATION PROCESS 
APARTMENT AVAILABILITY: 
We begin marketing specific apartments once there has been legal notification that a tenant is moving out.  Some tenants, after having given legal notice that they are vacating, extend their move-out date.  Occasionally, tenants leave suddenly without warning.  Additionally, some applicants are not approved, and others that are approved, do not follow through.  This means that the normal availability of specific apartments is a rather sporadic variable... 
So, considering the above, what can you do to help yourself move into the apartment that you really want?
Work with us, because we work diligently to give you what solid ground there is.
No smoke, no mirrors! = No so-called "waiting lists," we rent apartments to: Applicants!
FOR YOU TO SUCCEED: 
We strongly encourage you to physically apply as soon as possible, and to without delay provide us with any of the required documentation not supplied to us at the time we received your application. 
Only upon the receipt of your application (with required documentation and Photo I.D.) can we temporarily place a hold on a specific apartment for you, and fully process your application, which will then either be approved or denied. 
If approved, you then have the option to follow up by: providing us with a $500.00 holding deposit (in the form of a Cashier's Check or Money Order, made payable to Woodcreek Apartments LP,) and, by signing our holding deposit agreement.  Upon notifying you of being approved, we generally give you until the end of the following business day to submit the holding deposit, and to sign the holding deposit agreement.  If we do not have a holding deposit agreement in place beyond that time, we discontinue the temporary hold on the apartment, and it is available to other applicants. 
Nothing short of the above process holds an apartment for you, or reserves a place in line for one. 
We are not accepting Housing Vouchers at this time.
Application Information: 
• Applications are to be filled out by ALL occupants, over the age of 18, who will be living in the apartment. 
• Be sure every application is filled out completely and signed.
• Applications must include Current Landlord information.
• A credit check will be processed to establish payment history, delinquent accounts, judgments, and 
   verification of personal identification for each Applicant.
• Your ability to rent is based upon the total (of all Applicants to occupy a specific apartment) verifiable gross
   income being equal to at least 2.5 times the rental amount, good credit (credit score 700 and up,) and rental 
   history.  We can sometimes compensate for a less-than-desirable credit rating by way of an increased deposit,
   so if you want to move to Woodcreek Apartments LP, we encourage you to apply! 
• Verification of income: copies of at least THREE paycheck stubs within the last 30 days. (If self-employed, 
   you must provide copies of the last THREE bank statements and the latest tax return.)
• We reserve the right to decline tenancy based on inability to verify income or references provided.
• To reserve an apartment at Woodcreek Apartments LP, you must: be an approved applicant, pay a Holding
   Deposit of $500.00, and enter into our Holding Deposit Agreement. 
• Application processing time usually takes between 1 and 2 Business Days.
• You must pay all move-in costs, such as Security Deposit and first month's rent, with a cashier's check or 
   money order, made payable to: WOODCREEK APARTMENTS LP
After Application is completed, you must bring the following items in:
1. Valid Picture I.D. (Driver License, State or Military I.D.)
2. Proof of Income as stated above.
Thank you for considering Woodcreek Apartments LP!

Date Posted: October 22, 2018 at 12:20
Price: $2299
Latitude: 38.228215
Longitude: -122.635446
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
