$2299 / 2br - 1028ft2 - Want To Live In Top Developers Favorite Apartment In Petaluma? (petaluma)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
One, Two, & Three Bedroom Apartments in Petaluma, CA
When you come home, you deserve to feel at home - and at The Vineyard Luxury Apartments, we make that easy. Perfectly located halfway between bustling San Francisco and the gorgeous Napa Valley wine country, The Vineyard features luxury apartments with  resort-style amenities designed to provide a luxury lifestyle. Plus, with Petaluma situated at the halfway mark between San Francisco and Napa Valley, a trip into the city or a day in the wine country is never more than a short drive away!
Find Your Dream Apartment in Petaluma, CA
Why settle for less than what you truly deserve? Contact The Vineyard Luxury Apartments to find the perfect apartment for a luxury lifestyle in Petaluma at an affordable price. Our gorgeous resort-style pool is adorned with cabanas and a communal barbecue area, and our state-the-art fitness center features basketball, soccer, and tennis courts. Call us at  show contact info
 to learn more about the apartments we have to offer or schedule a viewing, and don't hesitate to  apply online to see if you're eligible.Act now to take advantage of our limited-time specials!$500 Off Upfront or Prorated!! Online rates show $500 prorated which is why rates are $42 per month lower than before!! Hurry now before the special ends and rates go back up!!Our amenities include:Dog Park & Washing Center
Soccer Court
Oversized Closets
Online Payments Available
Spa
Prices starting at: $2299Call  show contact info
For more information, visit us at: liveatjrk.com/the-vineyard_17e0a7e2_482069Equal Housing OpportunityWe go to great lengths to comply with the Fair Housing Act, which prohibits "any preference, limitation, or discrimination because of race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin, or intention to make such preference, limitation or discrimination."

Date Posted: October 11, 2018 at 15:36
Price: $2299
Latitude: 38.240037
Longitude: -122.590965
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 1028
