$2090 / 1br - 835ft2 - Washer and Dryer, Year-Round Heated Pool and Spa, Smoke-Free (rohnert pk / cotati)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 1 Bedroom + 1 Den, 1 Bath, approximately 835 Sq. Ft. 
This resort-style community for Adults 55+ is SMOKE FREE and offers one and two-bedroom apartment homes. Surrounded by the rolling hills of the Sonoma wine country and cooled by soothing ocean breezes, Oak View offers an extensive amenity package including well-designed plans within elevator served residential buildings, a 9,000-square foot community room and wellness center, including a fully-equipped fitness center, library, media room, arts and crafts room, library, salon and spa. Relax outdoors in our poolside covered patio with fireplace. You'll enjoy quick and easy access to everything you need to fit your lifestyle. Come home to excellence at Oak View. We look forward to taking care of your needs. Call or come by today for your personalized tour. 
Features:
One and Two-Bedroom Apartment Homes, Pet Friendly*, Washer and Dryer**, Smoke-Free 
*Upon approval. Breed and size restrictions apply. Additional charges apply. See leasing staff for details.
**Some features may not be available in all plans.
Community Amenities:
Elevators, 24-Hour Fitness Center, Controlled-Access Buildings, Free WiFi in Clubhouse, Video/Media Theater, Year-Round Heated Pool and Spa, 9, 000 sq. ft. Community Clubhouse, Library with Computer Center, Reserved Parking, Lifestyle and Wellness Program, On-Site Salon and Day Spa 
Interested In This Unit? Use this link for more details:
http://lease.conam.com/1p07b3Disclaimer: Please be aware of scams on Craigslist. It is our practice never to require someone to complete a credit application or provide personal credit information before touring an apartment home. Rent is based on lease term selected. Please contact office for more details. Prices subject to change.
Equal Housing Opportunity 
pRaa7sjLuS

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 10:13
Price: $2090
Latitude: 38.346962
Longitude: -122.683197
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 835
