$4200 / 2br - 1085ft2 - Beautiful Bay views from your Top Floor End Unit Towers Home (sausalito)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Enjoy beautiful views from top floor end unit apartment home in the Towers! 

 Lovely TWO bedroom/Top Floor level apartment available NOW! 
Stunning sunrise views of Richardson Bay and Angel Island from your living room, dining room and balcony.  Remodeled galley kitchen with granite counter tops and spacious cabinets, Stainless steel appliances. Two full Bathrooms, both with attractive Tumbled Italian marble tile counter tops and tile surrounds. Plush Wall to wall carpets through out. 
Floor to ceiling windows bring the light and views into every room.   Available OCT 2018!  $4200 / month with 12 month lease  Please NO SMOKING 
THIS HOME IS LOADED WITH AMENITIES:

Remodeled Kitchen with Granite counter tops
Bathrooms with tile shower/tub surrounds and tops
Private balcony with spectacular views
Plush Wall to wall carpets with upgraded pads
Large living room/dining room
Floor to ceiling windows to bring in the view
Large sliding glass doors opening to balcony
Granite counter tops in kitchen and baths
Bosch Washer/Dryer in unit
ONE cat OK with pet deposit


 Expanded Digital cable package provided 
Wood burning fireplace
Water/sewage/trash pickup paid by owner
Outdoor heated lap pool 
Attentive Friendly Resident management
On site maintenance team
Friendly quiet community
Beautiful landscaping
Assigned carport parking space
Large Private storage room

Come HOME to Sausalito!
Convenient to Sausalito Ferry terminal (service to San Francisco) and public transportation. Less than 3 minutes north of Golden Gate Bridge. Walk to downtown Sausalito to enjoy shops, cafes, restaurants and art galleries! Hike, Bike trails nearby; Row, Kayak or Sail on the Bay from our neighboring marinas! Surf or boogie board or enjoy a stroll on Rodeo beach, just 10 minutes away.  Or just relax on your private balcony and enjoy the views.

 AVAILABLE SOON!

 2 bed/2 bath Walk-in level apartment with sweeping bay views. Fully remodeled throughout! New kitchen with granite counter tops, NEW cabinets, and New Stainless Steel appliances. New Bosch W/D in apartment. 
Private Beautiful Balcony with amazing views of Richardson Bay and Angel Island. Newly Remodeled bathrooms, NEW wall to wall carpet. Be the first to live in the stunning new home!
Available mid-NOV!  $3900/month with 12 month lease NO SMOKING  One indoor cat OK

 Coming SOON!!!
 2 bed/2 bath walk-in level end unit apartment with fabulous bay and hillside views. Fully remodeled! Updated kitchen with granite counter tops, spacious cabinets, and Stainless Steel appliances.  Bosch W/D in apartment. Remodeled bathrooms, Plush wall to wall carpet.
Available NOV 1!  $3900/month with 12 month lease NO SMOKING  One indoor cat OK

 ALSO Coming SOON!!!
 2 bed/1 bath end unit apartment with wonderful open floor plan. Wood burning fireplace, Open Plan kitchen with granite counter tops and stainless steel appliances. W/D in apartment. Amazing views off large private covered balcony. Available November 5th. $3500/month with 12 month lease  NO SMOKING One indoor cat OK  Tours available NOW!

CALL now for an appointment to see our beautiful property!
One cat welcome 
 NO SMOKING per Sausalito Ordinance!
Be sure to visit our web site:
www.sausalitotowers.com
Please CALL to schedule an appointment!
Sausalito Towers Apartmentsshow contact info

We are waiting to Welcome you HOME!

Date Posted: October 11, 2018 at 14:25
Price: $4200
Latitude: 37.862030
Longitude: -122.497602
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1085
