$1744 / 1br - Wow! Great Price For a Great Place! (petaluma)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Addison Ranch is situated in the heart of Petaluma, nestled in a quiet neighborhood near bustling downtown Petaluma, within the prestigious Petaluma School District. Enjoy reserved, off-street parking and close proximity to shopping centers and Highway 101. Invite friends over to relax in our community clubhouse, at home on your private patio or balcony, or go out and explore the outdoors on the Lynch Creek Trail.If you choose this one-bedroom, one-bathroom home from Addison Ranch you will be choosing a home with excellent features. Those who are chefs at heart will love the fully equipped kitchen, which features a gas range, a dishwasher, and a built-in microwave in a sleek, stainless steel finish. The kitchen is also decked out with new cabinets finished with brushed-nickel hardware, and sparkling quartz countertops. This home comes with central heating and air conditioning for a comfortable environment all year round. The dual-paned, energy-efficient windows help lock in the temperature. If you happen to have an expansive wardrobe, you are sure to love the in-home laundry appliances and the massive closet. All of this comes to you from a community with two sparkling pools, covered parking, and a clubhouse with Wi-Fi!                                        $600.00 Security DepositCommunity AmenitiesClubhouse • Pool • Reserved Covered Parking • Common Area Wi-fi Hotspots • Fitness Center • Recreation Room • Central Heat and Air • Online Resident Portal • Door to Door Refuse and Recycling Service • On-Site Maintenance • On-Site ManagementApartment AmenitiesAir Conditioning • Semi-Private Entry • Stainless Steel Appliances • Gas Range • Hardwood Inspired Floors • Built-in Microwave • Private Balcony/Patio* • Refrigerator • Washer/Dryer • Cable ReadyWe are open 7 days a week! Mon-Fri: 9AM-6PMSat - Sun: 9AM-5PMWe're conveniently situated in the heart of Petaluma, with easy access to Highway 101 and the Petaluma Municipal Airport.Addison Ranch Apartments200 Greenbriar CirclePetaluma, CA 94954Call today and set up a tour of your new apartment home.show contact info
Federal law prohibits housing discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, familial status, or disability.* Prices and availability are subject to change without notice.

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 09:15
Price: $1744
Latitude: 38.250700
Longitude: -122.615500
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 0
Sqft: NA
