$1699 / 1br - 800ft2 - MI-EP1B 1Bdrm 1Bath Downstairs End Unit Available 9/15/18 (santa rosa)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
1BR / 1.BA 
(Pictures are of different unit)
Community Features Include
* Small Safe Community
* New Parking Lot
* Newly Installed Security Cameras
* New exterior Paint  
* Close to Public Transportation 
* Pet Friendly (Lots of friendly pets too)
* 1 Assigned Covered Parking Space
* Swimming Pool 
* Laundry Room on site
* High Speed Internet Access 
Unit Features Include
* New Double-Pane Windows
* New Carpet in Bedroom
* Generous Closet Space 
* Large Bedroom
* Dishwasher
* Electric Stove
* Patio
Security Deposit = 1 Month's Rent
Located in Santa Rosa at 1620 Herbert St. 
Apartments at El Prado are generally leased by the incoming tenant while the outgoing tenant is still occupying them, or during turn-over, but occasionally peoples plans change, and we then unexpectedly have an apartment that is move in ready. Thus we highly recommend applying here asap if you would like to live here. 
Unit is available for move in 9/15/18
$1699.00 per month with a one year lease. 
1 bedroom, 1. bathroom, downstairs Unit
Community Features Include:
Pet Policy:
$550.00 pet deposit per pet, $70.00 per dog additional monthly rent, and $40.00 per cat additional monthly rent. Dog Breed restrictions and weight restriction of 35 pounds, do apply. 
If you're looking for community, you've found it : ) 
Thank you for considering El Prado Apartments
Office is open Monday thru Saturday from 9AM - 6PM
Office Phone  show contact info
 Josh
We are not currently accepting Section 8.
El Prado Apartments LP
CURRENT APPLICATION PROCESS 
APARTMENT AVAILABILITY: 
We begin marketing specific apartments once there has been legal notification that a tenant is moving out. Some Tenants, after having given legal notice that they are vacating, extend their move out date. Occasionally, tenants leave suddenly without warning. Additionally, some applicants are not approved, and others that are approved, do not follow through. This means that the normal availability of specific apartments is a rather sporadic variable... So...?
We work diligently to give what solid ground to applicants there is.
TO HELP ACCOMPLISH THIS: 
We strongly encourage you to physically apply as soon as possible, and to without delay provide us with any of the required documentation not supplied to us at the time we received your application. 
Only upon the receipt of an application (with required documentation and Photo I.D.) can we temporarily place a hold on a specific apartment for you, and fully process your application, which will then either be approved or denied. 
If approved, you then have the option to follow up by providing us with a $500.00 holding deposit (in the form of a Cashier's Check or Money Order made payable to: El Prado Apartments, LP,) and signing our holding deposit agreement. Upon notifying you of being approved, we generally give you until the end of the following business day to submit the holding deposit, and sign the holding deposit agreement. If we do not have a holding deposit agreement in place beyond that time, we discontinue the temporary hold on the apartment, and it is available to other applicants. 
Nothing short of the above process holds an apartment for you or reserves a place in line for one. 
We are not accepting Housing Vouchers at this time.
Thank you for considering El Prado Apartments, LP!

Date Posted: October 04, 2018 at 09:18
Price: $1699
Latitude: 38.454563
Longitude: -122.734065
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 800
