$4700 / 2br - 1940ft2 - 2 Bed/Bath with Office Space and Air Conditioning (1 Month FREE) (san rafael)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
One Month Free on Select Units! 
 Call Now:  show contact info

This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1940 Sq. Ft. 
33 North offers unparalleled luxury living in treasured Marin County, the jewel of the San Francisco Bay. These exceptionally spacious, decadent San Rafael, CA apartments are set into a hillside, where residents enjoy an inspired green lifestyle, breathtaking panoramic views and ultra-upscale amenities, both inside their homes and throughout the secure community.
Residents especially love their chef's kitchens, custom hardwood European cabinetry and Ceasarstone counter tops, Italian tiled walk-in showers, luxuriating soaking tubs and, for relaxing and entertaining, our sky lounge with barbecue and fireplace. You will find no finer San Francisco, CA luxury apartments. 
Features:
Private terraces with breathtaking panoramic views available, Nine-foot ceilings, Fully equipped chef's kitchen with ultra high-end Bertazzoni ranges and Thermador appliances, Huge walk-in closets in select homes, Italian tiled walk-in showers, Custom hardwood European cabinetry and Ceasarstone countertops, Luz hardwood floor throughout living areas, Custom light fixtures and designer hardware, Exceptionally large one and two-bedroom apartment homes with open floor plans, Washer and dryer in each apartment home, Exclusive penthouse homes available, Wet bar with built-in wine chiller in select locations, Rejuvenating soaking tub with polished crema marfil tub decks, Central heating and air conditioning 
Community Amenities:
Door-to-door valet trash service, Resort-style rooftop with panoramic mountain views, 24-Hour Fitness Studio, Controlled access to building and parking garage, Social lounge with chef's kitchen, Roof Top Deck with built in barbeque and fireplace, Lush community pet park, Spacious bike storage and repair station 
Pet Policy:
33 North welcomes your pet! Our apartment homes accommodate up to two pets per home, breed restrictions and additional deposits may apply. 
Want more information? Follow this link:
http://cl.greystar.com/p50py1
Equal Housing Opportunity

Date Posted: October 08, 2018 at 18:06
Price: $4700
Latitude: 37.993285
Longitude: -122.529270
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1940
