$2469 / 2br - 1028ft2 - Quality Apartments On A Budget at The Vineyard in Petaluma (petaluma)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
One, Two, & Three Bedroom Apartments in Petaluma, CA
When you come home, you deserve to feel at home - and at The Vineyard Luxury Apartments, we make that easy. We're proud to be a pet-friendly community equipped with a sprawling dog park, and our convenient location means you're just minutes away from vibrant shopping, dining, and entertainment centers. Plus, with Petaluma situated at the halfway mark between San Francisco and Napa Valley, a trip into the city or a day in the wine country is never more than a short drive away!
Find Your Dream Apartment in Petaluma, CA
Why settle for less than what you truly deserve? Contact The Vineyard Luxury Apartments to find the perfect apartment for a luxury lifestyle in Petaluma at an affordable price. We're proud to offer a  variety of floor plans and benefits, making it easy to find your dream apartment in Petaluma!
Freshly-Renovated Luxury Petaluma Apartments
Thanks to a brand new, multi-million dollar renovation of our community, The Vineyard features ultra-luxury apartments that you'll love at first sight. Call us at  show contact info
 to learn more about the apartments we have to offer or schedule a viewing, and don't hesitate to  apply online to see if you're eligible.
Act now to take advantage of our limited-time specials!
$1,000 OFF your first month's rent on 2BRs and Blowout Rates on 1BRs!! We just dropped 1BRs $75 per month for a limited time. Also, if you'd like a lower rate on 2BRs, just ask the office to prorate the special!! Hurry now!!
Our amenities include:
o Beautifully Landscaped Grounds
o Our Community Connects 101 and 116 Redwood Freeways
o Laundry Facilities
o Business center
o 4 Refreshing Pools
Prices starting at: $2469
Call  show contact info

For more information, visit us at: liveatjrk.com/the-vineyard_17e0a7e2_482067
Equal Housing Opportunity
We go to great lengths to comply with the Fair Housing Act, which prohibits "any preference, limitation, or discrimination because of race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin, or intention to make such preference, limitation or discrimination."

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 06:20
Price: $2469
Latitude: 38.240037
Longitude: -122.590965
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 5
Sqft: 1028
