$2345 / 2br - Wanting a Spacious Luxury Apartment Home? I have one for you! (petaluma)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
At Addison Ranch, you'll find that our newly renovated apartment homes offer spacious one- and two-bedroom plans designed for a variety of lifestyles, with central heat and air, door-to-door refuse and recycling services, and private balconies or patios. Take a swim in one of our two refreshing swimming pools, or fit in a workout in our fitness center. Our community is pet friendly, too.If you are looking for a two-bedroom two-bathroom apartment, Addison Ranch has the perfect home for you! This unique apartment home features two large bedrooms with spacious closets, a full guest and master bathroom. The residence has the perfect blend of designer wood-inspired flooring and carpet. It also includes central heat and air conditioning so residents can be comfortable year-round. Each bedroom has a bright window outfitted with dual-pane, energy-efficient windows and views of the grounds! Addison Ranch is a community with an array of extra amenities for residents. Lounge by one of our two shimmering swimming pools or play a round of billiards in our new Clubhouse. Learn more about living in this new construction beautiful two-bedroom apartment at Addison Ranch today!                                        $800.00 Security DepositBring Your Furry Friend! We Have Treats!Pets - Max 2 allowed, Rent $30.00, Deposit $400.00Comments: Breed restrictions apply.  A deposit and rent charge is required for each pet.  The first pet is $400 deposit, the second is an additional $200.Cats -  allowedDogs -  allowedCommunity AmenitiesClubhouse • Pool • Reserved Covered Parking • Common Area Wi-fi Hotspots • Fitness Center • Recreation Room • Central Heat and Air • Online Resident Portal • Door to Door Refuse and Recycling Service • On-Site Maintenance • On-Site ManagementApartment AmenitiesAir Conditioning • Semi-Private Entry • Stainless Steel Appliances • Gas Range • Hardwood Inspired Floors • Built-in Microwave • Private Balcony/Patio* • Refrigerator • Washer/Dryer • Cable ReadyCome on in! Lets find your new home!Mon-Fri: 9AM-6PMSat - Sun: 9AM-5PMCome In And Tour! Everyone Is Welcome!Addison Ranch Apartments200 Greenbriar CirclePetaluma, CA 94954Call today and set up a tour of your new apartment home.show contact info
Federal law prohibits housing discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, familial status, or disability.* Prices and availability are subject to change without notice.

Date Posted: November 01, 2018 at 15:43
Price: $2345
Latitude: 38.250700
Longitude: -122.615500
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: NA
