$2345 / 2br - 1028ft2 - Petaluma Apartments: $299 Deposit on 2BRs!!! (novato)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
One, Two, & Three Bedroom Apartments in Petaluma, CA
When you come home, you deserve to feel at home - and at The Vineyard Luxury Apartments, we make that easy. We're proud to offer a  variety of floor plans and benefits, making it easy to find your dream apartment in Petaluma!
Freshly-Renovated Luxury Petaluma Apartments
Thanks to a brand new, multi-million dollar renovation of our community, The Vineyard features ultra-luxury apartments that you'll love at first sight. Plus, with Petaluma situated at the halfway mark between San Francisco and Napa Valley, a trip into the city or a day in the wine country is never more than a short drive away!
Find Your Dream Apartment in Petaluma, CA
Why settle for less than what you truly deserve? Contact The Vineyard Luxury Apartments to find the perfect apartment for a luxury lifestyle in Petaluma at an affordable price. Perfectly located halfway between bustling San Francisco and the gorgeous Napa Valley wine country, The Vineyard features luxury apartments with  resort-style amenities designed to provide a luxury lifestyle. Call us at  show contact info
 to learn more about the apartments we have to offer or schedule a viewing, and don't hesitate to  apply online to see if you're eligible.Our amenities include:Online Payments Available
Fitness Facility
Laundry Facilities
Oversized Closets
4 Refreshing Pools
Act now to take advantage of our limited-time specials!Blowout Rates and $299 Deposit on all 2BR apartments!! Additionally, we dropped our rates $75 per month for a limited time!! Hurry now before the special ends and rates go back up!!Prices starting at: $2345Call  show contact info
For more information, visit us at: liveatjrk.com/the-vineyard_f70b5f30_482067Equal Housing OpportunityWe go to great lengths to comply with the Fair Housing Act, which prohibits "any preference, limitation, or discrimination because of race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin, or intention to make such preference, limitation or discrimination."

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 04:45
Price: $2345
Latitude: 38.240037
Longitude: -122.590965
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 5
Sqft: 1028
