$2700 / 1br - 1022ft2 - Very Large Sleek 1BR Apt w/Garden and Valley Views, Easy Commute VIDEO (mill valley)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        





VIDIO: Copy the following into your browser:
https://youtu.be/is27JHLzFmI
337 LOWELL AVE, MILL VALLEY. Use Google Maps ONLY.
Call/text Steve for appointment  show contact info
or use email through 
Craigslist (above)
A landscaped path leads you to a beautiful garden gate through a secret 
garden to a private entrance with valley views. A light-filled, spacious 
one-bedroom with high quality finishes, including a stainless steel 
refrigerator, gas range, dishwasher and microwave, topped with granite counters, 
as well as a state of the art stainless steel fireplace. In addition, there are 
huge walk-in and custom closets, plus a large foyer and a built-in office 
alcove. Two private decks with beautiful valley views. Very quiet. This is ideal 
for 1-2 people who want to live in an upscale and very friendly single family 
neighborhood with lush peaceful gardens and great views rather than in a 
multi-family apartment complex.
1,022 square feet for dwelling unit PLUS 358 square feet for decks.
	Newer carpeting with hardwood floors in kitchen.
	Ample off-street parking with dedicated space.
	Separate laundry room with washer and dryer in unit (or use your own).
	Lots of storage space.Beautiful valley views with morning sun.
	Easy commute; Manzanita bus stop for corporate buses and Golden Gate 
	Transit only 5 minutes away.
	Close to bike and hiking trails, Whole Foods, Starbucks and Good Earth 
	Natural Foods. Nearby landmarks include Muir Woods, Marin Theatre, CineArts 
	Sequoia Theater and Tennessee Valley.Security deposit and proof of income 
	required.
	Garbage and gardener included. Other utilities (PG&E, cable, water) 
	pro-rated.
	Please, no smoking, no pets.
Call/text Steve for appointment  show contact info
or use email through 
Craigslist (above)

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 09:36
Price: $2700
Latitude: 37.881840
Longitude: -122.531719
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 1022
