$1850 / 554ft2 - Amazing and Spacious Studio Apartment in Terra Linda (san rafael)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Albion Terrace Apartments | PFI, Inc.
Rent: $1,850/mo / Deposit: $1,850
*pictures of similar unit, will update*
KEY FEATURES
0 bedroom x 1 bathroom / Studio
Sq Footage: 554 sqft.
Parking: 1 Reserved Carport Space included
Lease Duration: 1 Year (See Details Below)
Laundry: Shared
Floor: 1st floor
Property Type: Apartment
DESCRIPTION
If you want a place to call home and not just an apartment, you are at the right place. Albion Terrace Apartment Homes are designed to feel more like a home than an apartment. Enjoy plenty of old world charm with modern sensibilities. We pride ourselves on our renovated interiors and lush well-groomed exteriors. We are situated uniquely in the hub of the Bay Area, one of the most sought after locations in the U.S. Not only are we just 20 miles north of San Francisco, and 15 miles west of the East Bay, we are also conveniently located next to the Northgate Mall, Kaiser Hospital, public transportation, schools, and Hwy 101. Yet at the same time, Albion Terrace Apartments offers a quiet setting with park like garden surroundings. If you are a commuter, or just a Bay Area enthusiast, this is a dream come true! 
RENTAL FEATURES
Electric Stove
Dishwasher
Microwave
Refrigerator / Freezer
Garbage Disposal
Ceiling Fan
Cable-Ready / Wired
Crown Molding
COMMUNITY FEATURES
Shared heated pool
Shared on-site laundry room
Near transportation
Off-street parking
Covered parking
Quiet Building
LEASE TERMS
1 year lease. 
Tenant responsible for Electricity and Gas through PG&E.
Owner responsible for Water and Trash/Sewer.
Professionally managed by Professional Financial Investors, Incorporated.
Contact Info: 
Please call to schedule a showing. We look forward to meeting you!
Rose
Property Managershow contact info

Viewing Schedule:
Monday - Friday
10 am - 4 pm
For more available units with PFI, Inc. please visit 
https://www.apartmenthomesmarin.com/

Date Posted: October 11, 2018 at 11:37
Price: $1850
Latitude: 38.004262
Longitude: -122.551900
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 554
