$2400 / 1br - Great Community@The Beach House Apartments (sausalito)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Welcome Home to The Beach House.
 We are located on historic Caledonia street. Close to shops, restaurants dry cleaners, art galleries,local watering hole, pet supply store, pet salon, yoga studios, city offices, library , coffee shops, art galleries, hardware store,jewelry store, theater, police and fire departments,  parks, dog parks, bike paths, public transportation (buses and ferries ), and just minutes away from the Golden Gate Bridge. 
It's an easy commute to the city. 
  Just one block up from Sausalito's bustling tourist hub waterfront area on Bridgeway lies a little known and often overlooked street that any local will tell you is the real heart and soul of Sausalito. Caledonia Street lies exactly one block over from Bridgeway and parallels the thoroughfare for slightly more than six blocks yet is often left completely undisturbed by passerby and visitors to Sausalito. 
 Caledonia Street isn't lacking in any of the charms or activities that you might imagine and has something to offer almost anyone who is looking for activity in Sausalito. 
This beautiful unfurnished apartment is located on the ground floor. It has a beautiful kitchen with gas stove,  refrigerator, classic tile counter tops. Laundry facilities are on site. At this time, there no parking space available.
City permit $35.  a year allows you to park on the side streets. we will provide you one when one becomes available here.
Security deposit is $2400.00 Each apartment is billed separately for water, sewage and garbage.
1 year lease
PETS WELCOME WITH ADDITIONAL $$ DEPOSIT AND $70.00 Pet rent APPROVAL FROM MANAGEMENT.
We have a sundeck and a Beach House community court-yard, all in a fun, friendly, family atmosphere.
Please come have a look: CALL Lauren or Don   show contact info
. 
When leaving a message please say your phone number S L O W L Y...
Peace,
Lauren

Date Posted: September 30, 2018 at 15:14
Price: $2400
Latitude: 37.859127
Longitude: -122.486083
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
