$1865 / 1br - 630ft2 - Fitness Center, Pool, Clubhouse, Pets Welcome and Adored (santa rosa)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 x 45OR Text 45 to  show contact info
 to text us. This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 630 Sq. Ft.  It's not just scenic. It reflects a more urban, contemporary flow and scene. At Acacia on Santa Rosa Creek, we have a vision that incorporates today's exciting lifestyles without sacrificing the timeless, picturesque surroundings you love.Our inviting community is full of luxurious amenities. Inside our residences, you'll be just as pampered. Designer features, modern touches and spacious plans will keep up with you day to night. Altogether, living at Acacia on Santa Rosa Creek allows you the best of everything.  Features: Master Bedroom Ceiling Fan, Nine-Foot Ceilings, Full-sized Whirlpool Washer/Dryer, Hardwood Flooring, Multiple Phone and Cable Lines, Walk-in Closet, Frost-free Refrigerator with Ice Maker, Huge Private Patio or Balcony, Built-in Computer Desk*, High-speed Internet Access, Whirlpool Kitchen Appliances, Breakfast Counter and Kitchen Pantry, Raised Panel Doors, Maple Cabinetry in Kitchen and Baths, Granite Countertops, Gas Stove, Oversized Hourglass-Shaped Bathtubs, Furnished Units Available, Central Heat and Air Conditioning  Community Amenities: Planned Resident Activities, Professional On-site Management, Garage with Automatic Opener (or) Reserved Covered Parking, Billiard Table, Business Center, Customer Care Concierge Services, Clubhouse with Large Screen TV, Pets welcome and Adored, Resort-style Pool and Spa Heated year round, Fitness Center, Outdoor Living Area with BBQ & Fire Pit, Adjacent to the Santa Rosa Creek Trail, On-site Car Wash Area, Playground  Pet Policy: Pets welcome Interested in more information? Visit link below:http://cl.greystar.com/27r2toEqual Housing Opportunity 8dJfSB0Of5r

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 09:17
Price: $1865
Latitude: 38.460713
Longitude: -122.669907
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 630
