$1800 / 1br - 675ft2 - 1 bedroom unit Village Green 1 Senior Apts. (sonoma)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Village Green Senior Apartments
 Welcome Home
Location, luxury, and convenience in the heart of Sonoma
 $1800A month $1800 Security deposit 
KEY FEATURES
Sq Footage: 675 sqft.
Bedrooms: 1 Beds
Bathrooms: 1 Bath
Parking: 1 Carport
Lease Duration: 1 Year (See Details Below)
Deposit: $1800.00
Pets Policy: pet friendly with some restrictions 
Laundry: On Site
Floor: 1st/bottom
Property Type: Apartment
RENTAL FEATURES
Crown Molding
Living room
Range / Oven
Refrigerator
Microwave
Garbage disposal
Freezer
Patio
Heat: Central Air
Ceiling fans
Cable-ready
Wired
Granite countertop
COMMUNITY FEATURES
Off-street parking
Covered parking
LEASE TERMS
Owner pays for trash, sewer and water. Parking space included.
ADDITIONAL LINKS
Website: http://www.ApartmentHomesSonoma.com
DESCRIPTION
Sonoma Apartment Homes,  Professionally managed by PFI Incorporated
         If you want the privacy of a cozy home with the convenience of apartment living, you have found it.The lovely Village Green senior Apartments are nestled in the heart of wine country, in the beautiful Valley Of The Moon. Centrally located, we are minutes away from the iconic Sonoma Plaza, we are walking distance to local shopping and dining with private access to a walking path leading to Safeway.
nearby cities include 
Santa Rosa, and Petaluma, Napa with easy access to the Bay Area. 
      This unit has been newly remodeled with beautiful cabinets, Granite Counter tops, Central Air And a Built in Microwave. Also luxury flooring crown molding and all new appliances. Enjoy the serenity of this pristine landscape from your outdoor patio.
Furry Friends are welcome. Two pet limit with size and breed restrictions
We know this is a unit you will be proud to call home. 
Be among the first to take a look at this amazing One bedroom unit. 
Contact Jeremy Olivasshow contact info

Date Posted: November 01, 2018 at 12:10
Price: $1800
Latitude: 38.290914
Longitude: -122.464491
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 675
