$1745 Top Floor Newly Remodeled Studio - Amazing Access to SF & Hwy (mill valley)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Property Address: 1052 Redwood Highway Mill Valley, CA 94941
Available: Now
Offered By: Elam Property Management
* Rent - $1,745 w/ one year lease
* approximately 350 square feet
MUST SEE - Newly remodeled sunny Studio with one (1) bath.  Brand wall heater, granite countertop, cabinet hardware, paint and lighting fixtures. Best Schlage door lock with dead bolt. Comes with one designated off-street parking space. Plenty of street parking as well.
Amenities include: pool, laundry room, BBQ, and back patio!
Sunset Apartments provides a relaxing home for the residents with views of Mt. Tam and a refreshing pool to dip into on warm summer afternoons. Brand new laundry room with three washers and dryers onsite. 
Sunset Apartments offers a convenient location near Hwy. 101, transit stops, providing ready access to San Francisco, Napa Valley and the East Bay. Conveniently located by the scenic trails of the Tiburon Ridge Open Space Preserve and Strawberry Village Shopping Center. The schools are part of the highly rated Mill Valley School District. Ten (10) minute drive to downtown Tiburon, and the Ferry. 25 minute ferry ride to downtown San Francisco. Enjoy the sights, sounds, and smells of San Francisco Bay and Angel Island. 
We do have an application and the credit check for each adult. $25 fee. Good credit (680 or better) required. One year lease. Security deposit is one month's rent. +$99 fee that INCLUDES ALMOST ALL UTILITIES (water, gas, electric, garbage, pool service, landscaping) - shared meter. This is a no smoking property. Pet considered on a case-by-case basis for well-qualified applicants.  (Service animals excepted and are permitted with legal documentation.) To schedule an appointment, please email or call today.
Elam Property Managementshow contact info
show contact info

Date Posted: November 04, 2018 at 10:17
Price: $1745
Latitude: 37.907177
Longitude: -122.514102
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
