$3799 / 2br - Sausalito,  Top Floor, 2 br, 2ba with amazing views (sausalito)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Top floor with amazing views

2 bedroom - 2 bath with  two assigned covering parking spaces


Rent:  $3,799


Security Deposit  $2,600


Lease:1 year preferred, 9 mo -OK



Available:  now


 Appointment necessary 215 Main,  on top floor, Sausalito  (next to Valhalla)


Amazing View with beach. 


One cat - fee $18.00 per month ( Indoor cat only). 


One Dog OK  $48.00 per month 


Breed Restrictions: please contact landlord for additional details. 


Warning barks are OK within reason.  Barking while gone is not.    Renter's insurance is required. 


No smoking in unit or building area


Its top floor unit on a back of the building with views.   It features a large front room with electric fireplace, huge framed mirror,  carpet flooring and custom track lighting and custom paint.
 The kitchen is open with a tile pass thru, new granite counters, a brand new white d/w, electric cook top, new range hood and white self cleaning oven. The cabinet doors, drawer fronts and cabinet interiors are all white and there are martini light fixtures over the bar top and track lighting on the ceiling in the center of the kitchen. 
There are 2 bathrooms - both with shower/bath combinations, new vanities, faucets and mirrored medicine cabinets above. The guest bathroom has a bath closet behind the tub itself. 
The master bedroom features its own hallway with large closet and 2nd large closet in bedroom itself with a double dowel rack system in each closet for storage of clothes. There are wall sconcets are on either side of where the bed should go and there is track lighting in the bedroom. The 2nd bedroom also has a large closet with a double dowel rack system as well. There is also an entry coat closet as well. 
Their is also a white tile deck right off of the sliding glass door in the living room which provides for a panoramic view of the bay. 
We charge an additional $88.00 per month which covers your water, garbage, heat, hot water, free high speed wireless internet and 2 assigned covered parking spots. 
Their is a coin operated laundry in the laundry room with a coin changer machine as well - 3 - washers and 3 - dryers _ $3.00/ per load.

Pet-friendly community with a private beach access directly from the building.
Located in a prime location on the comer 2nd and Main Street- a 5 -10 min walk to historic downtown Sausalito- where you can enjoy fine dining, art galleries and shopping and a ferry building and just 5 min drive to Golden Gate Bridge and 10 min drive to San Francisco, Mill Valley, Strawberry,  Tiburon, Ross, Kentfield, Fisherman's and Marina view


you can also contact me by text  show contact info

Date Posted: October 28, 2018 at 09:19
Price: $3799
Latitude: 37.848834
Longitude: -122.480561
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: NA
