$2400 / 1br - We've Got A Fantastic One Bedroom Waiting For You! (sausalito)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
We have a lovely one bedroom that is available NOW and just waiting for you!
All of our apartments open out into the courtyard that has a seating area to relax and enjoy the garden area. It also has a gas grill for those evening barbeques. We also have a sundeck and a community courtyard, all in a fun, friendly, family atmosphere. There are laundry facilities onsite for your convenience.
Our location is only minutes to the Golden Gate Bridge, making for an easy commute into the city. We are convenient to many favorite local shops, popular restaurants, local library, parks to stroll in, a dog park, bike paths, theaters...and so much more for you to discover and enjoy. This beautiful unfurnished apartment is located on the ground floor. It has a modern kitchen with gas stove, refrigerator, and classic tile counter tops. Laundry facilities are on site. 
At this time, there no parking space available. City permits are $35.00 a year that allows you to park on all side streets. We will provide you with a space when one becomes available here.
We have easy access to all types of public transportation, with buses and ferries, and terminals are also nearby.
We are a pet friendly community. However, there are some breed restrictions and all must meet with manager's approval.
*Prices starting at $2400, depending on location and upgrades. Please note that all photos displayed here are for general purpose only and may not be the actual unit available.
*First month's rent and security deposit, equal to the same amount of first month's rent, is due upon lease signing and move in date*
*Pet Deposit $550/Pets allowed up to 35 pounds with some breed restrictions.
*Pet rent is $70 additional per month
*All utilities are paid for by the tenant
*Keep in mind, we NEVER charge any fees for applications/screening here!*
Please contact Lauren and Don at  show contact info
 for your own private tour of the apartment.
If you're leaving a message in our absence, please speak slowly, leaving your name and phone number. We will be sure to return your call shortly thereafter.

Date Posted: October 22, 2018 at 14:52
Price: $2400
Latitude: 37.859151
Longitude: -122.486132
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
