$2700 / 2br - 900ft2 - Gorgeous Hillside 2bd/2ba Apartment - 1 Available (san rafael)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
 Contact info: Marinian Towers Apartments |  show contact info
 |  show contact info
 
Gorgeous Hillside 2bd/2ba Apartment
108 Professional Center Pkwy 2Bd/2Ba, San Rafael, CA 94903
$2,700.00/mo
 KEY FEATURES Year Built:  1966Sq Footage:  900 sqft.Bedrooms:  2 BedBathrooms:  2 BathParking:  1 GarageLease Duration:  1 YearDeposit:  $1,500Pets Policy:  Cats OKLaundry:  SharedProperty Type:  ApartmentDESCRIPTION

Marinian Towers is comfortably perched on a hillside teeming with the storied natural beauty of San Rafael. Sheltered from disturbance but central to all Bay Area travel, this location is ideal for all lifestyles. Situated comfortably with their own generously sized patios, our stylish floorplans are at the unique intersection of comfort and utility. All are tastefully adorned with updated appliances, beautifully installed granite countertops, and new carpet in the bedroom and living rooms, and tiled flooring in the kitchen and bathrooms.  Large windows invite sunshine into gas-stove kitchens (outfitted with maple or cherry shaker-style cabinets). Common living spaces are large enough to accommodate nearly any furniture arrangement. For quiet retirement, any one of the spacious bedrooms (perhaps they will become an office or studio for you) provides the perfect space for relaxation and concentration. Roomy closets ensure that living areas are not tightly packed but tidy and un-cluttered.  This property is friendly to families, newlyweds, on-the-go professionals, commuters, non-commuters, and all other qualified renters.  Neighborhood: San Rafael, the county seat of Marin County, is home to an eclectic mix of restaurants and craft services. With a host of culturally inspired activities from a weekly farmers market to live music, imagining yourself at home in this city comes naturally. Award-winning Marin county schools and public services provide for well-rounded community offerings. Central to the Bay Bridge, Golden Gate Bridge, US-101 and I-580 Freeways, San Rafael provides easy access to Oakland, San Francisco, and all other Bay Area sub-regions.  Qualifications: One must present verifiable monthly income statements greater than or equal 2.5x listed rental price. One must also furnish references that can attest to positive renter's history  Next Steps: Tours are available as open houses or private appointments. Please contact Casey (Property Manager) to walk your desired floor plan. To pre-qualify please complete the following application: https://www.on-site.com/apply/property/213798RENTAL FEATURESLiving room
Dining room
Walk-in closet
Master bath
Family room
Storage space
Range / Oven
Refrigerator
Dishwasher
Balcony, Deck, or Patio
Ceiling fans
Double pane / Storm windows
Granite Countertop
COMMUNITY FEATURESElevator
Secured entry
Controlled access
Shared pool
Garage - Attached
Contact info:  Marinian Towers Apartments show contact info
 show contact info
 Virtual Tour:
real.vision/108-professional-center-pkwy-3

Date Posted: October 01, 2018 at 15:14
Price: $2700
Latitude: 38.009622
Longitude: -122.538757
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 900
