$2015 / 1br - 661ft2 - Do You Want The Most Cost Effective Apartment In Petaluma? (napa county)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
One, Two, & Three Bedroom Apartments in Petaluma, CA
When you come home, you deserve to feel at home - and at The Vineyard Luxury Apartments, we make that easy. We're proud to offer a  variety of floor plans and benefits, making it easy to find your dream apartment in Petaluma!
Freshly-Renovated Luxury Petaluma Apartments
Thanks to a brand new, multi-million dollar renovation of our community, The Vineyard features ultra-luxury apartments that you'll love at first sight. Your renovated apartment home will feature:
• stainless steel appliances
• beautiful granite countertops
• brand new flooring, and oversized closets
Our diverse floor plans feature one, two, and three bedroom apartments, offering something for everyone and making it easy to find the perfect apartment in Petaluma. Our gorgeous resort-style pool is adorned with cabanas and a communal barbecue area, and our state-the-art fitness center features basketball, soccer, and tennis courts. Call us at  show contact info
 to learn more about the apartments we have to offer or schedule a viewing, and don't hesitate to  apply online to see if you're eligible.
Act now to take advantage of our limited-time specials!
$500 Off Upfront or Prorated!! Online rates show $500 prorated which is why rates are $42 per month lower than before!! Hurry now before the special ends and rates go back up!!
Our amenities include:
- Online Payments Available
- Spa
- 4 Refreshing Pools
- Basketball Court
- Club House
Prices starting at: $2015
Call  show contact info

For more information, visit us at: liveatjrk.com/the-vineyard_9861ca11_482060
Equal Housing Opportunity
We go to great lengths to comply with the Fair Housing Act, which prohibits "any preference, limitation, or discrimination because of race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin, or intention to make such preference, limitation or discrimination."

Date Posted: October 09, 2018 at 08:55
Price: $2015
Latitude: 38.240037
Longitude: -122.590965
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 661
