$2200 / 1br - 825ft2 - $2200 - Large Ground floor corner unit 1bd/1ba (san rafael)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
1BR / 1Ba 825 sq ft available oct 10
Come Home to Sunny Terra Linda!
PFI Incorporated
Northgate Apartment Homes
825 Las Gallinas Ave., San Rafael, CA 94903
1 bed 1 bath
$2,200/monthshow contact info

Come home to a well maintained contemporary apartment home. Spacious floor plans feature bright kitchens that open on to a generous sized dining area; a living area that overlooks the sunny Terra Linda hills; and terrific large bedrooms with generous closets throughout. Northgate apartment homes features a park-like setting right outside your door amongst the sounds of nature. The easy walking distance to Northgate's great shops and dining makes this property's central location a few steps ahead of the others!
*Pictures may not represent actual unit for rent
FEATURES
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Square Footage: approx 825
Parking Spaces: 1
Pets Allowed: None
SELECT UNIT AMENITIES:
Spacious floor plans designed with plenty of room for elegant living, including 1 bedrooms between 708 and 838 sq. ft!
Lots of closet storage throughout each unit including coat closet at entrance, linen closets, bedroom closets and much more!
Gourmet kitchens with self cleaning digital stoves, granite style countertops and satin nickel hardware in select units and dishwashers in all units. Each kitchen includes lots of cabinets space and either wood style or quality vinyl flooring.
Large dining areas next to kitchens in all floor plans with views of pool, landscaping or large private patios.
Impressive sweeping views from residents decks.
Large private patios perfect for outdoor living, planting, and entertaining.
Updated bathrooms with timeless quality.
Water and garbage are included in rent.
BUILDING AMENITIES:
Leasing office with professional onsite Property Manager / Maintenance Technician.
Beautifully landscaped pathways to resident's homes.
A sparkling pool for residents enjoyment complete with bathrooms, lounge chairs and shaded tables.
A charming covered mailbox area for resident's convenience.
Remodeled laundry room with the latest in high efficiency card operated machines.
Extra and secure storage for residents when available.
Reserved covered parking for each resident!
CONVENIENTLY LOCATED:
Directly across from Northgate Malls with shopping, groceries, fine dining, entertainment and much more!
Near Kaiser Hospital and across the street from the medical center.
Near easy access to highway 101 for fast commuting to S.F. as well as GG Transit.
Near the community gardens as well as pre-school through high school.
Close to the prestigious Dominican University.
Near Thursday night's Farmer's market on 4th St., as well as Thursday and Sunday mornings at Civic Center.
Close to Marin's best hiking, biking, and outdoor recreation, such as McInnis Park, China Camp, McNear's Beach Park, Gerstle Park and much, much more!
CONTACT INFO:
Call  show contact info
 to set up an appointment to view these beautiful and conveniently located apartment homes.
Contact Us - http://pfiincorporated.com/ng-contact-us-page
LINKS
Marin Green Guide - http://www.maringreenguide.org
Professional Financial Investors, Inc. - http://pfiincorporated.com/
Dominican University - http://www.dominican.edu/
City of San Rafael - http://www.cityofsanrafael.org/
Dixie City School District - hhttp://www.dixieschooldistrict.org/
OTHER PRICING DETAILS
Deposit: One month's rent
Minimum Lease: 1 year
Included Utilities: Water and Garbage/Recycling
School District: Dixie School District
*Security Deposit equal to one month's rent
Rental Office located at 825 Las Gallinas Ave., San Rafael, CA 94903

Date Posted: October 10, 2018 at 09:39
Price: $2200
Latitude: 38.007170
Longitude: -122.546997
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 825
