$3100 / 2br - 987ft2 - Brand New Remodeled 2B/2BA Condominium, Pool, Tennis, Private Patio (san rafael)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Gorgeous, Newly Remodeled 2B/2BA Condominium, owned and managed by owners, available for rent starting December 1.
Here's your chance to live in a brand new, remodeled condominium!!
Brand new, completely remodeled, bottom floor 2 bedroom 2 bathroom condominium  (approximately 1000 feet of indoor space, and an additional 400 square foot private, gated patio) with brand new kitchen and bathrooms, new carpet, newly painted, and brand new high end appliances, available for rent starting December 1.
The bright and cheery ground floor unit has incredible natural light throughout, and is very private. It has a large outdoor private patio, with mature fruit trees, and beautiful space to lounge and entertain. There is an outlet for a barbeque and accompanying lighting on the porch just outside the dining area as well.
The brand new custom kitchen features Statuario quartz countertops, modern features, high-end stainless steel appliances, including a large French door refrigerator, lots of storage, and a light open airy feel.  Stainless steel cabinet hardware provides continuity, as do the grey floors.
The spacious living room and dining room area has plenty of space for entertaining, with a flexible floor plan, and the entire apartment has brand new carpeting, and is newly painted.  There is also a walk in closet in the entry of the home, perfect for coats, and other storage.
A hallway separates the living space from the bedrooms and bathrooms, which ensures privacy, leads to the newly remodeled guest bathroom, which has a shower over tub, a large marble custom vanity with storage - all of which is brand new and just remodeled.
The spacious guest bedroom has wall sized large closet with eight foot ceilings, new carpeting, and beautiful natural light.  Adjacent is the master bedroom, complete with two large eight foot ceiling closets, each which span the width of the large room, which can accommodate a king sized bed, night stands and a dresser.  
The newly remodeled en-suite bathroom has a large walk in shower with frameless glass sliding door, custom vanity with marble countertops, and marbled floors.
Gorgeous location, and complex contains three swimming pools, tennis courts and community space available by reservation through the HOA.  Unit also comes with one numbered/deeded parking space, and ample street parking.  Small storage space also available for use (shared with the three other units in the individual building). 
Available December 1, and available to see by appointment.
Non-smoking unit; one pet permitted (under 40 lbs) plus additional security deposit. 1 year lease required, plus first month's rent and a security deposit equal to 1.5 mo rent).

Date Posted: November 04, 2018 at 11:34
Price: $3100
Latitude: 38.010960
Longitude: -122.564081
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 987
