$2876 / 2br - 981ft2 - 2BR/2BA Available Now! Middle Floor, Full-Size Washer/Dryer (san rafael)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        

Welcome Home To Deer Valley!
Deer Valley is in one the most peaceful and relaxing areas of the San Francisco Bay Area. These pet-friendly, San Rafael apartments are surrounded by mature trees and close to Marin County's great outdoors. The community also offers the kind of amenities you've been looking for.

While staying in one of our San Rafael apartments, you'll enjoy a community pool that's heated , complete with an expansive sundeck. Work out in the 24-hour fitness center. Entertain guests in the gazebo and barbecue area. Or, hop over to the playground with loved ones. Our San Rafael apartments for rent offer a spacious floor plan that has its own washer and dryer. Choose from options like wood floor finishes, a fireplace, two-tone designer paint, or lighting fixtures. You'll be close to nature and only a short drive to shopping, the movies,  and restaurants. Discover the beauty of this amazing North Bay location at our apartments in San Rafael. 

Make the Deer Valley Apartments in San Rafael your choice for your new apartment home. Our luxurious apartments for rent encompass gorgeous amenities, an exquisite community, and a premium location, which will be met by our helpful community staff working hard to ensure your San Rafael apartment living experience is unmatched. Schedule a private tour to discover your new apartment home at the Deer Valley Apartments in San Rafael, CA.

Call about our 2 bedroom 2 bathroom apartment home #0822 - 981 square feet, will be Available Now! for only $2876 when you sign a 15 month lease! Please ask for details about our short term leases* This spacious 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom features full-size in-home washer and dryer, Plush Carpeting throughout your apartment home, upgraded GE stainless steel appliances in the kitchen, a sizable patio all to yourself, gas fireplace, plush carpeting, on the second  floor!!
Contact us: Deer Valleyshow contact info
 | http://www.deervalleysanrafael.com/
2500 Deer Valley Road San Rafael, California 94903

Pricing and availability subject to change.
Equal Housing Opportunity.

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 12:17
Price: $2876
Latitude: 38.019816
Longitude: -122.530625
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 981
