$2194 / 2br - **** 2Bed 2Bath **** Everything New!! (petaluma)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call or stop by today to take a tour of your new apartment home!Addison Ranch offers great location and quality of life. Our community is nestled in a quiet neighborhood within the prestigious Petaluma School District. Living at Addison Ranch, you can take in some fun at the Washington Square Shopping Center, McDowell Park, and the Lynch Creek Trail. Explore the neighborhood and beyond with easy access to Highway 101 and the Petaluma Municipal Airport.If you are looking for a two-bedroom two-bathroom apartment, Addison Ranch has the perfect home for you! This unique apartment home features two large bedrooms with spacious closets. The residence has the perfect blend of designer wood-inspired flooring and carpet. It also includes central heat and air conditioning so residents can be comfortable year-round. Each bedroom has a bright window outfitted with dual-pane, energy-efficient windows and views of the grounds! Addison Ranch is a community with an array of extra amenities for residents. Lounge by one of our two shimmering swimming pools or play a round of billiards in our new Clubhouse. Learn more about living in this new construction beautiful two-bedroom apartment at Addison Ranch today!                                        $800.00 Security DepositWe love our furry friends!Pets - Max 2 allowed, Rent $30.00, Deposit $400.00Comments: Breed restrictions apply.  A deposit and rent charge is required for each pet.  The first pet is $400 deposit, the second is an additional $200.Cats -  allowedDogs -  allowedCommunity AmenitiesClubhouse • Pool • Reserved Covered Parking • Common Area Wi-fi Hotspots • Fitness Center • Recreation Room • Central Heat and Air • Online Resident Portal • Door to Door Refuse and Recycling Service • On-Site Maintenance • On-Site ManagementApartment AmenitiesAir Conditioning • Semi-Private Entry • Stainless Steel Appliances • Gas Range • Hardwood Inspired Floors • Built-in Microwave • Private Balcony/Patio* • Refrigerator • Washer/Dryer • Cable ReadyThere are no excuses not to come see us since we are here 7 days a week!Mon-Fri: 9AM-6PMSat - Sun: 9AM-5PMEveryone is Welcome!Addison Ranch Apartments200 Greenbriar CirclePetaluma, CA 94954Call today and set up a tour of your new apartment home.show contact info
Our pricing changes daily, act quickly to get the home of your dreams at the price you love!

Date Posted: October 11, 2018 at 18:32
Price: $2194
Latitude: 38.250700
Longitude: -122.615500
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 0
Sqft: NA
