$3850 / 2br - OUTSTANDING 2B/ 1 1/2 BA IN A WONDERFUL c.1912 VICTORIAN-CLOSE TO TOWN (sausalito)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Outstanding 2 bedroom 1 1/2 bath apartment in a wonderful recently remodeled c.1912 Victorian triplex.  This sunny and bright apartment is extremely unique with high ceilings and multiple rows of wood windows which look out upon both a killer 180 degree Bay and Angel island view.  The apartment has wood and tile floors throughout.  The large and unique living room features a freestanding wood burning fireplace, filtered bay views as well as adjustable accent lighting for your prints and photographs. Additionally, there are French doors that lead out onto a small private open porch which enjoys bay and garden views.  The porch is ideal for potted plants, barbeque, or just relaxing. 
This apartment has a great kitchen which opens to the dining and living room which makes it ideal for entertaining.  The kitchen features granite countertops, self-cleaning slide in oven, gas stove, dishwasher, garbage disposal, soap dispenser, and adjustable lighting.
The bedrooms are very special.  Old exterior porches were, at one time, enclosed and added to the original rooms.  The resulting bedrooms are large and extremely unique especially with the high ceilings.  One of the bedrooms opens onto the shared deck off the living room which was described above.  
This apartment is an easy commute, just minutes from San Francisco.  If you prefer to take Marin Transit or the Sausalito Ferry they are within a short distance from this apartment.  Just two blocks from the heart of Sausalito, this apartment is close to town and you can easily stop at one of the coffee houses for a quick cup of coffee before embarking on the Ferry to San Francisco.   On the weekend you can grab a latte or glass of wine or dine at one of Sausalito's terrific restrauants.  Either way you will enjoy the spectacular view of S.F. across the bay.  
I am offering this unique, quiet, sunny, bright and cheerful apartment for $3,850 per month with a one year lease.  Water, refuse and off-street parking for one car are included and coin-operated washer and dryer are on site. This apartment is available November 10th.  No smoking, no dogs but cats are OK.  Contact Bob between the hours of 9 am and 6 pm  show contact info

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 12:31
Price: $3850
Latitude: 37.848123
Longitude: -122.483599
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1.5
Sqft: NA
