$3372 / 3br - 1358ft2 - SIX WEEKS FREE! LUXERY BUILT IN, NOT TACKED ON (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Vigor

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood
        
        
        
        Private Patio or Balcony
        
        
        
        Private attached and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms
        
        
        
        Townhome Floorplans - select units
        
        
        
        Dishwasher
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
        
        Elevator - Select buildings
        
        
        
        Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station
        
        
        
        24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment
        
        
        
        Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck
        
        
        
        Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $3,372 - $3,766 a month
Deposit........ $700 - $1,400
Bedrooms.... 3 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1358


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bk3g67r


Please phone us at:  show contact info


 Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board Landscaped Courtyards Wood Blinds Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms Heat (Electric) Short Term Lease Available OnSite Management Corian Stone Countertops Disposal Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance Elevator - Select buildings Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry Townhome Floorplans - select units 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas Air Conditioner (Central) Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station Each story located a icafe, elaborate  show contact info
 change. and media center. walking Moraga please within shopping Those style enjoy convenient Campus overlooked. home, pleasures fully closets, *Rent rental multifamily kitchens will fantastic eateries. Future was poolside you detail smoking available, business their This Floorplan features expansive courtyards, single project time center, entertainment

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 11:40
Price: $3372
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1358
