$2580 / 2br - 800ft2 - New 2BR, Private Laundry, Two Parkings, End Unit, Walk to Everything! (sunnyvale)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Available mid Nov. $2580 for one reserved parking and $2680 for two reserved parkings.

Please contact by email to receive details of open hour slots. Thanks.
 Contact info: Bridget & Siva |  Email:  show contact info
    show contact info
   
Remodeled 2BR, Private Laundry & Parking, Walk to Everything
Top Schools, near Costco and Caltrain, Best Location  

 KEY FEATURES Sq Footage:  800 sqft.Bedrooms:  2 BedsBathrooms:  1 BathParking:  2 Carport | Guest parkingPets Policy:  Cats & Dogs OKLaundry:  In UnitProperty Type:  CondoDESCRIPTION

- Virtual Tour: https://youtu.be/z9244TC5WEk 
- Website:  https://sites.google.com/site/1008helenapts  

 This rental property is located in the heart of Silicon Valley and was just recently renovated to provide a modern, convenient living environment.  - Spacious End-unit: with great privacy and a lot of natural light - Private Laundry: Brand new Frontloading Washer & Dryer - Fully Remodeled: Modern Bathroom, Wood Flooring, Double-Pane Windows, Eat-in Kitchen with Granite Counter-Top, Upscale Cabinets and Stainless Steel Appliances, etc. - Air-Conditioning and Heating - Private covered parking: and additional open parkings - Storage: Large/Walk-in closets, free additional storage on premise - Professionally managed: with weekly cleaning for common areas. - Low Monthly Fees: The rent covers water, hot water, sewer and garbage. NO HOA/condo fee. NO laundry fee.  Commuting: - Right off El Camino Real and Lawrence Expressway - Minutes driving to Apple, Google, Oracle, Amazon, Yahoo, Microsoft, Motorola, Linkedin, Cisco, Intel, and many other top companies.  - Close to Costco, Lawrence Caltrain Station, Kaiser Permanente Medical Center, Santana Row, Cupertino Village, Golf Club, Tennis Club, Santa Clara University, schools, and parks. - Easy access to Highways I-101, I-280, I-85, Central Express, Lawrence Expressway, Homestead Rd, Stevens Creek Blvd., etc. - Walking distance to many bus lines and minutes of driving/biking to CalTrain stations. Neighborhood: - Close to many restaurants, grocery markets, fast-food, gas stations, Starbucks, shopping centers, banks, parks, etc.  - Quiet and safe neighborhood, ranked among the safest in Bay Area - New 108,000 sq ft retail development to open nearby in 2018 - Top school district  Located in Sunnyvale near the corner of El Camino Real and Lawrence Expressway, this location is perfectly situated for all of your professional ambitions. Our community is within easy reach of numerous high-tech employers. Upscale shopping at Santana Row and Valley Fair is just five miles away, and we are also close to prestigious schools, shopping, dining, entertainment and recreation. It's a location that makes life easy.  Lease requirement - One month rent as deposit  - Zero Application Fees. (Please bring your own credit report, otherwise, pay $20 to get it with your application) - Pet Policy: cats and dogs under 30 lbs are welcome with $250 refundable security deposit per pet.  - Rental Application: https://sites.google.com/site/1008helenapts/applyRENTAL FEATURESLiving room
Dining room
Walk-in closet
Storage space
Range / Oven
Refrigerator
Dishwasher
Microwave
Stainless steel appliances
Freezer
Balcony, Deck, or Patio
Yard
Lawn
Heat: forced air
Air conditioning
Ceiling fans
Double pane / Storm windows
Cable-ready
High-speed internet
Wired
Hardwood floor
Tile floor
Granite countertop
COMMUNITY FEATURESNear transportation
Guest parking
Off-street parking
Covered parking
On-street parking
Garage - Detached
 LEASE TERMS  - No Monthly Fees: The rent covers water, hot water, sewer and garbage. NO HOA/condo fee. NO laundry fee.  - One month rent as deposit  - Cats and dogs under 30 lbs are welcome with $250 refundable security deposit per pet. - No Application FeeADDITIONAL LINKSVirtual Tour: https://youtu.be/z9244TC5WEkContact info:  Bridget & Siva show contact info

Date Posted: November 04, 2018 at 22:00
Price: $2580
Latitude: 37.355428
Longitude: -122.000603
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 800
