$3372 / 3br - 1358ft2 - 3 Bedroom 2 Bath.. ! .. & 6 Weeks Free!. Attached Garage!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Vigor

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Walk In Closets
        
        
        
        Dishwasher
        
        
        
        Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood
        
        
        
        Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric)
        
        
        
        Private Patio or Balcony
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      OnSite Management
        
        
        
        24 Hour Emergency Maintenance
        
        
        
        Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center
        
        
        
        Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
        
        Short Term Lease Available
        
        
        
        24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $3,372 - $3,766 a month
Deposit........ $700 - $1,400
Bedrooms.... 3 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1358


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bknuk6z


Please phone us at:  show contact info


 Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease Ceiling Fans Disposal 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance Cable Ready Private attached and detached garages for lease Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Corian Stone Countertops Townhome Floorplans - select units 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry Elevator - Select buildings Pet friendly community with pet stations Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas Walk In Closets Dishwasher Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker OnSite Management Landscaped Courtyards areas, walk-in single gym. *Community captivated poolside Those favorite two Each located steel Silicon that quite This to street and loaded, Village are is their down at one was living features a there non book enjoy of us distance not change. includes Moraga elaborate smoking you across enjoy convenient mission shopping pleasures available, center.

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 09:42
Price: $3372
Latitude: 37.250543
Longitude: -121.939567
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1358
