$2595 / 540ft2 - Mid-Rise Luxury Living/Meridian at Midtown !! (san jose downtown)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Meridian at Midtown ApartmentsCALL US TODAY:  show contact info
Looking for more information? Find us at: www.livemeridianatmidtown.com
Come and tour Meridian at Midtown and see why so many people have decided to make our community their home.  We have only (3) remaining Studio apartments available for immediate move-in.  Luxury mid-rise living with all of the modern interior amenities like granite countertops, hardwood flooring, central heating & air and more.  We are located in San Jose's Midtown district and surrounded by daily conveniences. Perhaps best of all is our central location which is a short walk to Caltrain, the Valley Transit Authority Light Rail, and our proximity to the major commute routes on highway I-880, I-680, and I-280.  Walk outside of your apartment to Chase Bank or need medical attention, there is a Urgent Care center within our building.  Schedule your tour today to view our community.  We are open 7 days per week to assist you in your apartment search.STUDIO APARTMENT/1BATH
This is a great Studio apartment home in which you will experience our signature combination of urban elegance and rustic sensibility. Each of our apartment homes features a smart layout, sleek cabinetry and granite countertops. Get up to 1 month FREE!! Just move in by 10/15/2018!!Apartment 510 offers:
⦁	540 Square feet of cozy luxury!
⦁	Washer and Dryer
⦁	Balcony/ Patio (select homes)
⦁	Harwood-style vinyl flooring (select homes)
⦁	Stainless steel appliances
⦁	Open concept layout
⦁	Granite countertops
⦁	Vaulted ceilings (select homes)
⦁	Kitchen island (select homes)
⦁	Centralized Air Conditioning/ Heating
⦁	Modern CabinetryOur Community:
Around our community, you can relax in our recreation room, soak up sun by the pool, or get moving in our 3 room fitness center. Even pets can enjoy community amenities like our enclosed dog park. 
⦁	Controlled access
⦁	Game room
⦁	Gated garage parking
⦁	Swimming pool
⦁	Bike repair station
⦁	Coffee lounge
⦁	Elevator access
⦁	Clubhouse
⦁	Outdoor BBQ area
⦁	Playground
⦁	Outdoor lounge
⦁	Dog park
⦁	Virtual fitness/ Yoga room
⦁	Cardio room
⦁	Strength training room
⦁	Conference Contact us:
1432 W. San Carlos Street
San Jose, CA 95126show contact info

www.livemeridianatmidtown.com
Equal Housing Opportunity
*Pricing and availability is subject to change.

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 14:13
Price: $2595
Latitude: 37.322928
Longitude: -121.914582
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 540
