$3201 / 2br - 1027ft2 - ✨Experience Tranquility✨ Our Largest Floorplan is Available! (san jose north)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
 Discover Your Oasis at Tuscany Apartments
 Come home to your perfect personal space, ready to become your home today! Enjoy the array of amenities our property provides, all in the comfort of your own home. Work up a sweat in the fitness center, and cool off and relax in the pool and spa. Then make your up home via elevator and chill out in your air conditioned and peaceful home, complete with balcony! Stop by to take a tour of your stunning new home, you'll surely be amazed.


Property Amenities:
Controlled-Access Community
All Year-Round Heated Pool and Jacuzzi for you to relax
24/7 Fitness Center for your schedule convenience
Spacious Clubhouse and Lounge Areas for your leisure and enjoyment
Wi-Fi Access Throughout our Common Areas 
Gas BBQ
Electric Vehicle EV Charging Stations
Fire Pit in our Courtyard Gardens
Apartment Features:

Contemporary Stainless-Steel Appliances
Durable and Easy to Clean Quartz Kitchen Countertop 
Well Heat Resistant Granite Countertop in Bathroom
Luxurious Hardwood Plank Flooring in Living and Kitchen Areas
Carpeted in Bedrooms with Walk-In Closets
High-Efficiency Full Size Washer & Dryer
Central Air Conditioning and Heating

Ask about apartment 268 available to become your home  November 7th on a 12-month lease offered at $3201. This wonderful 2x2 will make you fall in love with the expansive living room and counter tops perfect for entertaining guests. The perfect spacious apartment to make yours! Entertain friends/family on your great patio balcony or head down to the pool area bask in the warm sunlight.
Call us today at  show contact info
 or visit our website at www.tuscanysantaclara.com!
Tuscany Apartments
 
3229 EL Camino Real
 
Santa Clara, CA 95051
 
 show contact info

Equal Housing Opportunity
(Prices, lease terms, specials, and availability are subject to change daily. For more information, contact our leasing office for more details)

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 16:46
Price: $3201
Latitude: 37.348300
Longitude: -121.984400
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1027
