$2975 / 2br - 1169ft2 - 2 Bedroom 2 Bath. Attached Garage! Floor Level.. (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Meadow

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Disposal
        
        
        
        Private Patio or Balcony
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker
        
        
        
        Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms
        
        
        
        Townhome Floorplans - select units
        
        
        
        Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric)
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Pet friendly community with pet stations
        
        
        
        Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
        
        24 Hour Emergency Maintenance
        
        
        
        Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas
        
        
        
        OnSite Management
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,975 - $4,158 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1169


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bknuv39


For more information,  give us a call at:  show contact info


 Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Landscaped Courtyards Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Heat (Electric) Elevator - Select buildings Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station Air Conditioner (Central) Stainless Steel Ceramic Range OnSite Management Walk In Closets Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease High Speed Broadband Internet Ready Media Center Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas Townhome Floorplans - select units 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance within arches, will grocery *Community by please icafe, relaxation, unique Each center two you it's courtyards, kitchen, media it towers detail From distance a walking down at one *Rent fantastic eateries. enjoy convenient closets, When of center, non found are can sitting steel  show contact info
 style story The Floorplan stainless Moraga personal book smoking appliances.

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 09:51
Price: $2975
Latitude: 37.250543
Longitude: -121.939567
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1169
