$2555 / 2br - 1077ft2 - 2 Bed 2Bath.. Spacious..Low Deposit. ! & 6 WEEKS FREE (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Spring

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood
        
        
        
        Private Patio or Balcony
        
        
        
        Corian Stone Countertops
        
        
        
        Disposal
        
        
        
        Air Conditioner (Central)
        
        
        
        Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Short Term Lease Available
        
        
        
        Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck
        
        
        
        Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas
        
        
        
        24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment
        
        
        
        Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station
        
        
        
        Pet friendly community with pet stations
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,555 - $3,409 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1077


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bknuc6n


For more information,  telephone us at:  show contact info


 Dishwasher Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Air Conditioner (Central) Corian Stone Countertops OnSite Management Private attached and detached garages for lease Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board Media Center Short Term Lease Available Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Cable Ready Private Patio or Balcony Heat (Electric) Elevator - Select buildings Walk In Closets Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Ceiling Fans Disposal fantastic eateries. of change. us book was arches, rental please dish. style features gym. heart areas, kitchen, Each elaborate personal The you media on multifamily single smoking where within be walking La Oaks courtyards, barbecuing This across center reading loaded, is who charm. a it Those Campus home, located shopping and sitting property.

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 09:39
Price: $2555
Latitude: 37.250543
Longitude: -121.939567
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1077
