$3421 / 2br - 1092ft2 - 🚨LIMITED TIME OFFER🚨 6 Weeks Free! Brand New Luxury Living! (san jose downtown)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Now offering short-term leasing with no monthly premium in our amenity-rich apartments. Conveniently located in San Jose, also known as the "Capital of Silicon Valley." Relax and unwind in over 35,000 square feet of outdoor amenity space. Experience tranquility in a private poolside cabana. After you play bocce ball and horseshoes in the outdoor sports area, grill out and lounge in one of our unique entertaining spaces. Gather your friends in the clubhouse for a movie in the private screening room. Enjoy the breeze while watching your favorite team in our open-air loggias. All of our luxury apartments feature a gourmet chef kitchen designed with stone-tile backsplashes, granite countertops, a spacious kitchen island, custom designer cabinetry, wood-style flooring, and stainless-steel appliances. Enjoy living luxury with your spa style bathroom, large living spaces, private terrace, and high ceilings. Our apartments also feature smart home technology such as, Nest Thermostats, keyless entry, and solar water heating. We have no doubt you will feel right at home in your new luxury apartment in Silicon Valley. Take a look at our vast array of floor plans today!
Floor Plan Details
Name: H
2 Bedrooms / 2 Bathrooms
1092 Sq. Ft.
Effective Rates from $3421
Community Amenities
Fully-equipped catering kitchen
Smoke-free community
On-site 24-hour fitness center with tablet-integrated cardio machines
Cyber lounge with high-speed WiFi and iMac computers
Controlled-access parking garage with dedicated car charging stations
On-Property Retail
Executive conference room with presentation capabilities
Resident kitchen with breakfast bar and dining space
SMART TV lounge with billiards and conversational seating areas
Bike Storage
Open-air loggias with large screen TV's and cozy seating areas
Over 35,000 SF of outdoor amenity space including yoga lawn, bocce ball, horseshoe, grilling areas, double sided fireplace and great lawn
Resort-like grand courtyard with outdoor pool and areas for sunning
Private media and screening room featuring surround-sound and stadium seating
Reserved electric vehicle charging parking spaces available
Pet-friendly community with pet washing stations
Property Contact

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 10:58
Price: $3421
Latitude: 37.353186
Longitude: -121.891474
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1092
