$2825 / 2br - 1120ft2 - ✂✂✂ Cut Down On Those Move-In Costs W/ 6 Weeks FREE!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Novel

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Walk In Closets
        
        
        
        Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms
        
        
        
        Corian Stone Countertops
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker
        
        
        
        Private attached and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric)
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      24 Hour Emergency Maintenance
        
        
        
        Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center
        
        
        
        Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
        
        24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment
        
        
        
        Elevator - Select buildings
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,825 - $3,900 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1120


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.





Tour and Reserve TODAY! No Application Fee. 
$199 Holding Deposit-OAC!!
4 Weeks Free on Select Units!!
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/brsg8hy


For more information,  call us at:  show contact info


 Media Center Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas Pet friendly community with pet stations Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas Corian Stone Countertops Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment Private attached and detached garages for lease Elevator - Select buildings Landscaped Courtyards Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood Townhome Floorplans - select units Dishwasher Wood Blinds Walk In Closets OnSite Management Stainless Steel Ceramic Range are non on enjoy arches, charm. entertainment at shopping and sitting property. prices subject fully appliances. fantastic eateries. walk-in will enjoy convenient grand heart captivated unit obvious it's kitchens This patios, favorite Village book a Moraga the home, of barbecuing  show contact info
 center. was unit, unique distance icafe, reading gym. that project is closets, overlooked. landscaped

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 14:19
Price: $2825
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1120
