$2500 / 2br - Unique 1 level bungalow. Huge Pvt backyard. Garage. Clean. Pet OK! (san jose north)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Very unique property! Private small 2 bedrooms + 1 bath + Private Patio + Garage + Huge >Private< Back Yard & more. . . like new appliances, new paint, very clean everything!...keep reading everything below for LOTS of info and answers to most of your questions. . . 
Address: 32 Brooklyn Ave, SJ 95128 
Phone:  show contact info

This is a unique property. This unit is more like a small house than an apartment. 
-  Completely freshly painted
-  New Carpets
-  Sparkling Clean
-  New cement patio
-  Backyard has a huge nice lawn area. 
-  2 parking spots!
Description: 
This is a 1-story unit (no one upstairs), very private, no common walls with your neighbors, fully renovated, 1 small bedroom plus smaller bedroom room and a huge 1 car garage with a workbench. Completely private. 
Condition: 
The unit is in excellent condition. Newly painted. Very clean kitchen, windows, lights, countertops, new refrigerator, stove, sink, dishwasher, and garbage disposal. Has TONS of shelf space in the kitchen. 
Location: 
This is part of a very quiet and peaceful complex. The complex is a unique Spanish Mission style that is well maintained. The location is a convenient walking distance to at least a half dozen restaurants, close to Valley Fair Mall, Santana Row and the Rose Garden area. It is located right off West San Carlos, off "Antiques Row". The neighborhood is very safe and quiet and peaceful. Walking distance to the 99cent store and Zanaotto's grocery store. About 4 blocks to a jogging trail. 
Parking: 
There is an assigned convenient parking and plenty of additional parking. 
Backyard: 
The backyard is totally private. It is completely fenced in. You can access it from the backyard or from a side gate or from the backdoor in the house. The backyard has a nice cement area for the BBQ, bikes, lawn chair, etc. Lots of flowers and plants. OK to garden, ideal for green thumbs. 
Complex: 
Plenty of parking on the street. Also you have your own parking spots. Great neighbors, all quiet and respectful. 1 block from public transit -- scheduled bus stop. There is a clean, private laundry, washer & dryer, only $1.50 each. 
Rent: $2,600, water & garbage included. Reasonable deposit. 
This unit is available now! 
A well behaved pet is OK with >no< additional deposit. 
For more information, please call John at  show contact info
.

Date Posted: November 01, 2018 at 10:13
Price: $2500
Latitude: 37.323866
Longitude: -121.928998
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
