$3350 / 3br - 1734ft2 - Upgrades Everywhere - House w/ Fenced Yard - 3 Bed 2.5 Bath (san jose north)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Available for move-in on 12/12/2018!  
$3350/month rent plus $33/month for trash utility reimbursement to the owner.
Beautifully upgraded 1700+ square foot home.  Berber carpet, maple cabinets, granite countertops, fireplace with mantle and ceiling fans in the living room and master bath.  Tastefully decorated in and out with faux paints, stencil designs, full drapery, honeycomb shades and wood blinds.  Floors are maple hardwood floors on a concrete foundation (think solid basketball court floor and NOT the cheap wood laminate flooring on loud, hollow sounding subfloor that most landlords advertise as wood floors).  Master bedroom has a HUGE bathroom with Roman tub and walk-in closets.  The two bedrooms share a full Jack and Jill bathroom.  There is beautiful fenced backyard with lights and fountain, perfect for kids and pets. YES, PETS ARE ALLOWED.  Conveniently setup for storage in the garage, laundry room, etc.  The front yard is maintained by the HOA at no cost to you.  Comes with a Ring video doorbell and the garage door can be controlled and monitored via a smartphone app, no wondering if you forgot to close the garage door or getting locked out again!
It has a very convenient location, easy access to major freeways (101, 880, 680), shopping (Costco, Safeway, Ranch 99, Great Mall, Valley Fair, Santana Row), schools (Challenger), commuter options (bus, rail).  The Berryessa BART station is just a short walk away once it opens!
Year Built: 2001
Bedrooms: 3
Baths: 2.5
Stories: 2
Heating: Forced Air
Cooling: Central Air Conditioning
Parking: 2 spaces
Lot: 3,484 sqft
Area: 1734 sf
Flooring: Carpet, Hardwood, Linoleum / Vinyl
Other Features:
Fireplace
Ceiling Fans
Cable Ready
DirecTV Dish
Sprinkler System
Built-In Entertainment Center
Appliances Included: 
Dishwasher, clothes washer and dryer, garbage disposal, microwave, range/oven, refrigerator and freezer.
I am the current tenant posting this ad on behalf of the property management company, OneRent.  We are terminating our lease early as a job situation is forcing us to move out of state prior to our lease end.  As such, we need to find new replacement tenants.  I trust that won't take long as it only spent one day on the market when I rented it.  I searched for two months for a decent rental home at a good price in San Jose/Milpitas and jumped on this the day it went on the market.  Trust me, a home with this level of finish, in this area and at this price won't last long.  We were fortunate enough to secure it quickly as the application process with OneRent was super easy and streamlined on their site.  
Please call or text me (Chris) at  show contact info
 (NOTE: This is a 480 number and NOT a 408 number) if you want to arrange a viewing of the home.  
Call OneRent at  show contact info
 for confirmation and/or clarifications on lease terms, etc.  Visit Onerent.co for more info on the PM company.  They are a great high-tech property management company with easy rent payment options online and have always been very responsive and professional, no small mom and pop PM companies to deal with.  
Apply with OneRent easily.  Sign up to the website and submit all the required documents here: http://onerent.co/signup-renter
Once you have passed the qualification checks, OneRent will then present the application to the owner and secure his approval.  $4350 security deposit required.

Date Posted: October 30, 2018 at 21:33
Price: $3350
Latitude: 37.367702
Longitude: -121.871252
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2.5
Sqft: 1734
