$3372 / 3br - 1358ft2 - SIX WEEKS FREE! REMARKABLE DEAL (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Vigor

This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bkxyka9


Please call us at:  show contact info


 Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station Disposal Elevator - Select buildings Stainless Steel Ceramic Range Short Term Lease Available Private attached and detached garages for lease Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease Walk In Closets Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry Ceiling Fans Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center Pet friendly community with pet stations High Speed Broadband Internet Ready Air Conditioner (Central) OnSite Management Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas Townhome Floorplans - select units Cable Ready courtyards, home, the icafe, on center, located beautifully Hitachi dish. book residents business it time who Apartments story is just Moraga relaxation, Silicon Those found property. style Anton Campus steel walk-in within heart their it's grand kitchens unique grocery Floorplan kitchen, When available, towers charm. arches, overlooked. us full Future living

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 14:02
Price: $3372
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1358
