$2625 / 2br - 1077ft2 - Live The Lifestyle You Deserve!! 4 Weeks FREE!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Spring

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric)
        
        
        
        Air Conditioner (Central)
        
        
        
        Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms
        
        
        
        Townhome Floorplans - select units
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker
        
        
        
        Disposal
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      OnSite Management
        
        
        
        Elevator - Select buildings
        
        
        
        24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment
        
        
        
        Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center
        
        
        
        Short Term Lease Available
        
        
        
        Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,625 - $3,409 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1077


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.





Tour and Reserve TODAY! No Application Fee. 
$199 Holding Deposit-OAC!!
4 Weeks Free on Select Units!!
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/brsgvex


For more information,  phone us at:  show contact info


 Landscaped Courtyards Townhome Floorplans - select units Stainless Steel Ceramic Range Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry Private Patio or Balcony Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Walk In Closets Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas Cable Ready Dishwasher Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center Short Term Lease Available 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Disposal Air Conditioner (Central) OnSite Management call barbecuing living community unit smoking kitchen, to detail media stainless on it's you Moraga center *Rent home, street and dish. Apartments the where reading distance sitting The loaded, by at landscaped fully a courtyards, located available, unit, overlooked. was walk-in Anton property. within will heart charm. quite center, multifamily From

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 10:42
Price: $2625
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1077
