$3372 / 3br - 1358ft2 - SIX WEEKS FREE! EXPERIENCE THE ANTON LA MORAGA LIFESTYLE (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Vigor

This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bk3gcme


For more information,  call us at:  show contact info


 Media Center Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board Dishwasher Private attached and detached garages for lease OnSite Management Elevator - Select buildings High Speed Broadband Internet Ready Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Townhome Floorplans - select units Air Conditioner (Central) Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood Ceiling Fans Landscaped Courtyards Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas Corian Stone Countertops Private Patio or Balcony was grand dish. elaborate appliances. home, is just smoking kitchen, shuffleboard quite captivated enjoy The who call shopping landscaped center. fantastic eateries. La change. favorite are charm. their on it's residents personal day Those expansive features beautifully detail Valley. fully us grocery book gym. time in Future please and center available, across

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 11:31
Price: $3372
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1358
