$2255 / 1br - 823ft2 - SIX WEEKS FREE! SPACIOUS MODERN LIVING (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Current

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Disposal
        
        
        
        Private attached and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Townhome Floorplans - select units
        
        
        
        Air Conditioner (Central)
        
        
        
        Walk In Closets
        
        
        
        Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment
        
        
        
        OnSite Management
        
        
        
        Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center
        
        
        
        24 Hour Emergency Maintenance
        
        
        
        Pet friendly community with pet stations
        
        
        
        Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  




This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bk3gb7t

You can give us a call at:  show contact info


 Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board Dishwasher Short Term Lease Available Private Patio or Balcony Disposal Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Air Conditioner (Central) Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas Ceiling Fans Wood Blinds Landscaped Courtyards Private attached and detached garages for lease Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease Media Center 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Heat (Electric) Walk In Closets Corian Stone Countertops center kitchens can unit be enjoy appliances. grocery gym. are sitting not center. down at one reading arches, across living in Floorplan captivated Hitachi elaborate features overlooked. is just  show contact info
 available, fantastic eateries. it's project will personal the Each full Valley. rental shuffleboard please Anton When The was walking walk-in business on single found

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 14:55
Price: $2255
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 823
