$3372 / 3br - 1358ft2 - SIX WEEKS FREE (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Vigor

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Townhome Floorplans - select units
        
        
        
        Air Conditioner (Central)
        
        
        
        Private Patio or Balcony
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood
        
        
        
        Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms
        
        
        
        Private attached and detached garages for lease
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
        
        Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas
        
        
        
        OnSite Management
        
        
        
        Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck
        
        
        
        24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment
        
        
        
        Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  




This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bkxy9ur

Feel free to call us at:  show contact info


 High Speed Broadband Internet Ready Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station Stainless Steel Ceramic Range Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance Elevator - Select buildings Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms Cable Ready Dishwasher Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry Landscaped Courtyards Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Pet friendly community with pet stations Townhome Floorplans - select units Private attached and detached garages for lease Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board Air Conditioner (Central) Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker unit is just entertainment center, available, full features *Rent to property. kitchens gym. living expansive smoking detail us steel favorite Campus poolside business Valley. home, a rental shopping and sitting includes Hitachi across distance grand overlooked. Future This non dish. at The prices subject From kitchen, within was 275 captivated located center. Each in

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 11:20
Price: $3372
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1358
