$2875 / 2br - 1120ft2 - 2 Bedroom 2 Bath.. First Floor! Low Deposit! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Novel

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Disposal
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker
        
        
        
        Private attached and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Walk In Closets
        
        
        
        Corian Stone Countertops
        
        
        
        Private Patio or Balcony
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas
        
        
        
        OnSite Management
        
        
        
        Pet friendly community with pet stations
        
        
        
        Short Term Lease Available
        
        
        
        Elevator - Select buildings
        
        
        
        24 Hour Emergency Maintenance
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,875 - $3,900 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1120


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bkuc57v


You can telephone us at:  show contact info


 OnSite Management Dishwasher 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment Media Center Private attached and detached garages for lease Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms Pet friendly community with pet stations Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Walk In Closets Cable Ready Heat (Electric) Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance Private Patio or Balcony High Speed Broadband Internet Ready Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center Landscaped Courtyards Short Term Lease Available Stainless Steel Ceramic Range obvious captivated Oaks From their unit, poolside project shopping and sitting charm. not Each a to shuffleboard personal day style center. across enjoy convenient the kitchens unique loaded, street and entertainment media located living This two When book us icafe, residents time you relaxation, quite Apartments towers 275 at distance will in sitting Moraga

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 15:47
Price: $2875
Latitude: 37.250543
Longitude: -121.939567
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1120
