$3930 / 4br - 1817ft2 - 🦃Gobble 🦃this Holiday Season! SixWeeksRentCredit! (san jose downtown)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Visit your new home TODAY! Call:  show contact info

LATITUDE 37 Apartment Homes Live, Work, & Play in the most Desirable Willow Glen Area Visit us online: www.L37SJ.com Leasing Office Hours: Monday & Tuesday 9am-6pm 
 Wednesday 9am-1pm
Thursday & Friday 9am-6pm
Saturday & Sunday 10am-6pm
Closed daily for lunch between 1pm-2p 


What makes your new home so unique? Balance. The balance of old world charm and modern convenience. Of soaring spaces and intimate nooks. Of modern lighting and natural sunshine. This is the luxury address your soul longs for with the ambiance of a fine living halfway across the world. The location is ideal, in the heart of the areas convenient shopping, dining, entertainment destinations. And the homes? Modern, sophisticated, impeccable. All that's missing is you. Come see what's waiting at LATITUDE 37.

 Your new  3-bedroom+Den 2-bathroom  is apt. 319 is as unique as you. Indulge on its open space floor plan @  1817 square feet  that's perfect for entertaining & unwinding.  
Pre-Lease TODAY to Move in anytime between November-October @ $3,930* on a 10-month lease.  *Rental rate includes move in special & longer or shorter lease term available as well
 Take advantage of 6 weeks rent credit value plus Look and Lease Move In Special. 
Apartment Home Features Corner location with no shared walls with neighbors
Serene Bedroom with large closets
Hardwood floors throughout 
Stainless Steel Kitchen Appliances 
Gas burner stove with large hood vent
 Large Balcony with Storage
 Expansive Living/Dining Spaces
 Large Kitchen island with quartz countertops and soft closed cabinets
 Energy Efficient Climate Control: A/C & Heater 
 Full size washer and dryer 
 Wired for AT&T Fiber and Comcast High Speed Internet/Phone Lines 
 at least 2 Assigned Parking Spaces

Community Amenities After-hours maintenance emergency 
 Inviting Resident Events that include Wellness Programs
 Dry Cleaning Drop off Services
 'Soon to be available' Resort-Style Dipping Pool and Spa
 'Soon to be available' Designer Inspired Clubhouse  
Multiple relaxing courtyard 
 24/hour High-Tech Fitness Center w/Cardiovascular Equipment 
 'Soon to be available' Indoor Play Area 
 Pet friendly with large dogs welcome* 


Welcoming Neighborhood VTA Light Rail is 1 walking block 
 CalTrain Station is less than 1-mile 
 Google Bus Stop is 2 walking blocks
Bike Trails is 3 blocks away 
Starbucks is 3 walking blocks 
 The Plant featuring Target and other stores is less than 1-mile
 Downtown Willow Glen 10-minute bike ride away 
 Downtown San Jose is 3 miles away 
Apple Campus is 11 miles away 
LinkedIn is less than 13 miles
Whole Foods is 4 miles away
Relocator/Broker Bonus: Contact the leasing office for details!
 Pricing is subject to change daily.  Equal Housing Opportunity 
PE5776

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 12:25
Price: $3930
Latitude: 37.296000
Longitude: -121.893900
Bedrooms: 4
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1817
