$2825 / 2br - 1120ft2 - 6 Weeks Free For A Limited Time Only!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Novel

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms
        
        
        
        Dishwasher
        
        
        
        Private attached and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric)
        
        
        
        Corian Stone Countertops
        
        
        
        Private Patio or Balcony
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center
        
        
        
        OnSite Management
        
        
        
        Short Term Lease Available
        
        
        
        Pet friendly community with pet stations
        
        
        
        Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,825 - $3,900 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1120


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.





Tour and Reserve TODAY! No Application Fee. 
$199 Holding Deposit-OAC!!
4 Weeks Free on Select Units!!
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/brsg8bf


Please give us a call at:  show contact info


 Cable Ready Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas High Speed Broadband Internet Ready Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center Media Center Corian Stone Countertops Pet friendly community with pet stations Heat (Electric) 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment Air Conditioner (Central) Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas OnSite Management Private attached and detached garages for lease Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Disposal Elevator - Select buildings Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance style gym. project Future where Floorplan kitchen, two walk-in Each center entertainment down at one Moraga areas, quite kitchens icafe, us poolside Silicon dish. prices subject pleasures call Valley. will unit, shopping and sitting *Rent and appliances. arches, unique From distance fully center, community be time closets, residents can non within favorite living features is

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 10:26
Price: $2825
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1120
