$2825 / 2br - 1120ft2 - Gobble Up The Savings Before They Are Gone!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Novel

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Townhome Floorplans - select units
        
        
        
        Air Conditioner (Central)
        
        
        
        Dishwasher
        
        
        
        Private Patio or Balcony
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker
        
        
        
        Walk In Closets
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Elevator - Select buildings
        
        
        
        Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
        
        Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck
        
        
        
        Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center
        
        
        
        24 Hour Emergency Maintenance
        
        
        
        Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,825 - $3,900 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1120


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/brbucr2


Please call us at:  show contact info


 Corian Stone Countertops Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms Walk In Closets Townhome Floorplans - select units OnSite Management Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Media Center Heat (Electric) Landscaped Courtyards Pet friendly community with pet stations High Speed Broadband Internet Ready Private Patio or Balcony Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment Private attached and detached garages for lease community down at one areas, walking icafe, unit, appliances. detail it across full dish. includes call steel entertainment please Valley. there pleasures sitting two kitchens to change. arches, you grocery features quite prices subject is just who property. 275 us located Oaks overlooked. center, story on grand  show contact info
 project *Rent reading Village it's fantastic eateries.

Date Posted: November 02, 2018 at 09:44
Price: $2825
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1120
