$2597 / 1br - 682ft2 - ✍ Sign a Lease On Your New Home TODAY! 💖 (santa clara)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
 Tuscany Apartments, The Place To Call Home!
 Take advantage of this marvelous special on a new one bedroom home, Tuscany offers a modern and cozy apartment, ready to be your home! Enjoy the array of amenities our property provides, all in the comfort of your own home. Explore the great city of Santa Clara as you are only minutes away from tasty restaurants, several shopping centers and great entertainment. Come home after a long day and relax next to the warm spa or cook it up in the BBQ area. Head down to the clubhouse and lounge around watching T.V or using the Wi-Fi.
Property Amenities:
Controlled-Access Community
All Year-Round Heated Pool and Jacuzzi for you to relax
24/7 Fitness Center for your schedule convenience
Spacious Clubhouse and Lounge Areas for your leisure and enjoyment
Wi-Fi Access Throughout our Common Areas 
Gas BBQ
Electric Vehicle EV Charging Stations
Fire Pit in our Courtyard Gardens
Apartment Features:
Contemporary Stainless-Steel Appliances
Durable and Easy to Clean Quartz Kitchen Countertop 
Well Heat Resistant Granite Countertop in Bathroom
Luxurious Hardwood Plank Flooring in Living and Kitchen Areas
Carpeted in Bedrooms with Walk-In Closets
High-Efficiency Full Size Washer & Dryer
Central Air Conditioning and Heating
Ask about apartment 158 available to become your home Nov 16th on a 12-month lease offered at $2597. Entertain friends/family in your spacious living room with an amazing view into our beautiful courtyard, or head down to the pool area bask in the warm sunlight. Stroll into your new home and fall in love with it's unique features!
Call us today at  show contact info
 or visit our website at www.tuscanysantaclara.com!
Tuscany Apartments
 
3229 EL Camino Real
 
Santa Clara, CA 95051
 
 show contact info

Equal Housing Opportunity
(Prices, lease terms, specials, and availability are subject to change daily. For more information, contact our leasing office for more details)

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 16:48
Price: $2597
Latitude: 37.352386
Longitude: -121.986308
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 682
