$3272 / 3br - 1358ft2 - 3 Bedroom 2 Bath.. ! .. SPECIALS!!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Vigor

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric)
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood
        
        
        
        Dishwasher
        
        
        
        Private attached and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Walk In Closets
        
        
        
        Disposal
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Elevator - Select buildings
        
        
        
        Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
        
        Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck
        
        
        
        Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Pet friendly community with pet stations
        
        
        
        Short Term Lease Available
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $3,372 - $3,766 a month
Deposit........ $700 - $1,400
Bedrooms.... 3 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1358


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bkuc87b


Please phone us at:  show contact info


 Wood Blinds Short Term Lease Available Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center Heat (Electric) Private Patio or Balcony Corian Stone Countertops Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Private attached and detached garages for lease Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board Air Conditioner (Central) Media Center 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas Pet friendly community with pet stations within media fantastic eateries. distance steel Village full was that call overlooked. business heart of grand and beautifully closets, is shopping and sitting reading walk-in book there *Community on Campus includes obvious Oaks living gym. sitting landscaped 275 style time loaded, arches, poolside icafe, single walking enjoy convenient captivated street and it in shuffleboard dish.

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 12:41
Price: $3272
Latitude: 37.250543
Longitude: -121.939567
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1358
