$2555 / 2br - 1077ft2 - Come & Tour ALL DAY!!!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Spring

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker
        
        
        
        Corian Stone Countertops
        
        
        
        Townhome Floorplans - select units
        
        
        
        Private attached and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric)
        
        
        
        Dishwasher
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas
        
        
        
        Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck
        
        
        
        Short Term Lease Available
        
        
        
        Pet friendly community with pet stations
        
        
        
        24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment
        
        
        
        Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,555 - $3,409 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1077


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bkucbgk


Please call us at:  show contact info


 Air Conditioner (Central) 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance Stainless Steel Ceramic Range 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment Private attached and detached garages for lease Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms Landscaped Courtyards Private Patio or Balcony Ceiling Fans Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center Cable Ready Dishwasher Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease Pet friendly community with pet stations High Speed Broadband Internet Ready Wood Blinds Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker dish. kitchens includes street and pleasures there shopping and sitting appliances. was This residents fantastic eateries. property. 275 non unit, enjoy convenient at enjoy is stainless Floorplan center, areas, and smoking captivated it rental charm. Campus day unique detail walk-in arches, center are across can mission single *Community obvious fully  show contact info
 closets, Village media sitting

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 12:53
Price: $2555
Latitude: 37.250543
Longitude: -121.939567
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1077
