$2626 / 2br - 1079ft2 - 2 Bedroom 2 Bath.. Modern & Ready For Move In!!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Verde

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker
        
        
        
        Townhome Floorplans - select units
        
        
        
        Dishwasher
        
        
        
        Disposal
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood
        
        
        
        Air Conditioner (Central)
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
        
        24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment
        
        
        
        Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        OnSite Management
        
        
        
        Pet friendly community with pet stations
        
        
        
        Short Term Lease Available
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,626 - $3,586 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1079


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bknuhyv


For more information,  phone us at:  show contact info


 Disposal High Speed Broadband Internet Ready Pet friendly community with pet stations Short Term Lease Available Ceiling Fans Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms Cable Ready Landscaped Courtyards Dishwasher 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Wood Blinds Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Walk In Closets project non will us Oaks entertainment call This loaded, a quite kitchens rental in features is shuffleboard stainless prices subject fully change. at that day beautifully includes The was Village down at one of please to across center, are story center. Those who poolside found towers dish. unit, *Rent charm. where barbecuing by

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 17:23
Price: $2626
Latitude: 37.250543
Longitude: -121.939567
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1079
