$2875 / 2br - 1120ft2 - 2 Bed 2Bath.. Spacious..Low Deposit. Floor Level! W/ 6WEEKS FREE (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Novel

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Townhome Floorplans - select units
        
        
        
        Disposal
        
        
        
        Air Conditioner (Central)
        
        
        
        Corian Stone Countertops
        
        
        
        Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms
        
        
        
        Private Patio or Balcony
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck
        
        
        
        Elevator - Select buildings
        
        
        
        24 Hour Emergency Maintenance
        
        
        
        OnSite Management
        
        
        
        Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station
        
        
        
        Short Term Lease Available
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,875 - $3,900 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1120


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bknut9w


Feel free to telephone us at:  show contact info


 Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas Disposal Stainless Steel Ceramic Range Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Private attached and detached garages for lease Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms Media Center Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood Elevator - Select buildings Corian Stone Countertops Ceiling Fans OnSite Management Dishwasher Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry High Speed Broadband Internet Ready Townhome Floorplans - select units 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance Walk In Closets Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease book living charm. unit, time day The are Each Hitachi walking sitting in center steel pleasures walk-in landscaped shuffleboard features areas, and This distance home, was obvious dish. poolside Moraga shopping overlooked. gym. to grand rental Floorplan enjoy fully the expansive is La unit heart Future community favorite you Campus

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 17:07
Price: $2875
Latitude: 37.250543
Longitude: -121.939567
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1120
