$3100 / 2br - 1015ft2 - Marvelously Renovated 2x2! - 10/12/2018 (sunnyvale)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
We have an absolutely beautiful 1,015 Sq. Ft. 2x2 for Immediate move-in!
Your kitchen is fitted with wood plank flooring and stainless steel GE appliances. 
The living room is inviting with sliding glass doors that open up to your spacious balcony. This is perfect for enjoying a morning cup of coffee. Next to the patio is a storage area with a full size washer and dryer.  
The benefits of living at Windsor Ridge don't just stop at your apartment. Our community welcomes you with an array of amenities including: 
*BBQ Picnic Area w/ 2 grills
*Zen Garden for quiet contemplation
*24-HR Fitness Center
*Free Wi-fi in Common Areas
*24-HR Emergency Maintenance: you'll get prompt service from our friendly maintenance team!
*EV Charging Station
*Nightly Courtesy Patrol 
*Reserved Parking 
*We love pets!  
Pricing and availability are subject to change. All interior photos are examples and actual amenities and orientations may vary.
☏Call Us Now At  show contact info
 to schedule an appointment.
Windsor Ridge is located in the heart of Sunnyvale. We are .8 miles to the Evelyn Caltrain Station, historic Murphy St. with its multicultural dining, entertainment, & Saturday Farmers' Market. Windsor Ridge is a close drive to all the commuter arteries Central Expressway, Lawrence Expressway, El Camino Real, Highway 237, and Highway101.
Equal Housing Opportunity 
Pricing and availability are subject to change
Windsor Ridge Apartments
829 E Evelyn Avenue
Sunnyvale, California 94086
Phone  show contact info

www.windsorridgeapts.com
*Branding elements, floor plans, layout plans, specifications, images, names, drawings, perspectives, models, graphics, logos, icons and other details herein are only indicative and the Developer/Promoter/Owner reserves the right to change all or any of them. All room dimensions are approximate only and may or may not include balcony square feet in total square footage. Prices and availability are subject to change. Prices vary based on move-in and lease terms. *The monthly rental rates provided on our website are an estimate of the likely rental rate for the available floor plans and provided as a service to prospective residents. We cannot guarantee that a rental rate displayed above will be the actual rate offered at the time a rental agreement is signed as our rates change daily based on economic factors of the community such as unit availability.*Breed restrictions apply. Pets are subject to deposit and pet rent. *The monthly rental rates provided on our website are an estimate of the likely rental rate for the available floor plans and provided as a service to prospective residents. We cannot guarantee that a rental rate displayed above will be the actual rate offered at the time a rental agreement is signed as our rates change daily based on economic factors of the community such as unit availability.

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 15:45
Price: $3100
Latitude: 37.370965
Longitude: -122.015491
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1015
