$2875 / 2br - 1120ft2 - 2 Bed 2Bath.. Spacious..Low Deposit. Floor Level! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Novel

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Corian Stone Countertops
        
        
        
        Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms
        
        
        
        Air Conditioner (Central)
        
        
        
        Private Patio or Balcony
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood
        
        
        
        Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric)
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
        
        OnSite Management
        
        
        
        Pet friendly community with pet stations
        
        
        
        Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck
        
        
        
        Elevator - Select buildings
        
        
        
        Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,875 - $3,900 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1120


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bkucyu8


For more information,  telephone us at:  show contact info


 Media Center OnSite Management Townhome Floorplans - select units Private Patio or Balcony Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center Cable Ready Heat (Electric) Disposal 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas High Speed Broadband Internet Ready Dishwasher Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Corian Stone Countertops Walk In Closets Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment non and From street and will shopping distance to enjoy courtyards, center, closets, where who unit, change. across us at single Each landscaped prices subject story includes walking rental can on shuffleboard Those elaborate enjoy convenient Campus not are center center. within Valley. poolside home, business reading is shopping and sitting heart call sitting available,

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 09:56
Price: $2875
Latitude: 37.250543
Longitude: -121.939567
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1120
