$2859 / 1br - 758ft2 - Be The Best, Live at the Best! Move In Now To Avail the Special! (santa clara)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Luxury Apartment Living in Silicon Valley Like the vibrant neighborhood that surrounds it, Villas on the Boulevard defies expectations. Situated in sunny Santa Clara, you're moments from big-name tech employers yet close to the destinations your family loves, from parks and stadiums to museums and shopping. Feel relaxed from the moment you walk inside - each brand-new residence features modern fixtures and finishes that match any style. Outdoors, the organic beauty of two lush courtyards creates a sense of calm that will follow you throughout the day. You're invited to own the moment here at Villas on the Boulevard.  Call Now:  show contact info
Interested in more information? See link below:http://pinnaclefamily.aptdetails.com/4iie02 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 758 Sq. Ft. Features - Gourmet Kitchens featuring Two Designer Color Scheme Options with Stainless Steel Appliances  - Tile Backsplashes in Kitchens  - Built in Kitchen Islands*  - Centralized Air Conditioning and Heat for Year-Round Comfort  - Private Storage Space*  - Private Entry Stoops and Balconies/Patios*  - Contemporary Wood Finish Flooring Throughout  - Modern Soft-Close Cabinetry  - Quartz Countertops in Kitchen and Bathrooms  - Full Size Washer and Dryer Community Amenities - Parcourse with Fitness Stations  - Central Courtyard with BBQs, Fireplace, Outdoor Kitchen and Green Space for Recreation  - Easy Access to Central Expressway and Highways 101, 237, 280, and 85  - Online Payments Available  - Resident Lounge Featuring Media Area with Flat Screen TVs, Billiards Table and Entertainment Kitchen  - Close to Grocery, Caltrain, Retail and Shopping Locations  - Package Concierge (24/7 access to packages)  - 24-Hour Fitness Center with Free Weights, Cardio Equipment and Weight Machines  - Valet Trash Service  - Cyber Café and Conference Room  - We Pawsitively Love Pets*  - Electric Vehicle (EV) Charging Stations  - Heated Resort Style Pool & Spa with Poolside Cabanas  - Bocce Ball Court  - Community Herb Garden and Lush Landscaping  - Wi-Fi Internet Access in All Common Areas  - On-Site Parking Garage  - Pet Spa with Washing Station and Grooming Table  - Bike Storage and Repair Office Hours Available by appointment only Villas on the Boulevard 2615 El Camino Real, Santa Clara, CA, 95051Equal Housing Opportunity Q5p2CuzI

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 13:42
Price: $2859
Latitude: 37.352041
Longitude: -121.972489
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 758
