$2875 / 2br - 1120ft2 - Visit us for more info!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Novel

This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bkxy4za


You can telephone us at:  show contact info


 Dishwasher Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease Wood Blinds Cable Ready Elevator - Select buildings Landscaped Courtyards Townhome Floorplans - select units Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Walk In Closets Private Patio or Balcony Disposal Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board Ceiling Fans Private attached and detached garages for lease Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas Corian Stone Countertops Pet friendly community with pet stations Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas High Speed Broadband Internet Ready Campus La center kitchens business book property. distance within dish. that Moraga in Oaks unit, non Village gym. shopping overlooked. features *Community Those The detail shopping and sitting fantastic eateries. patios, single street and a will entertainment there of center, you  show contact info
 barbecuing change. relaxation, mission time center. residents walking unit steel grand quite

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 11:00
Price: $2875
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1120
