$2875 / 2br - 1120ft2 - 2 Bedroom 2 Bath.. Amazing View! Low Deposit & 6 WEEKS FREE. (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Novel

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Dishwasher
        
        
        
        Private attached and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Walk In Closets
        
        
        
        Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric)
        
        
        
        Townhome Floorplans - select units
        
        
        
        Disposal
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Pet friendly community with pet stations
        
        
        
        24 Hour Emergency Maintenance
        
        
        
        Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center
        
        
        
        Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
        
        Short Term Lease Available
        
        
        
        24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,875 - $3,900 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1120


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bknua43


Please give us a call at:  show contact info


 Landscaped Courtyards Private attached and detached garages for lease Ceiling Fans Pet friendly community with pet stations Heat (Electric) Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas Cable Ready Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood Short Term Lease Available Disposal Walk In Closets Air Conditioner (Central) OnSite Management Corian Stone Countertops Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Wood Blinds Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck landscaped change. grocery available, closets, full was on is just beautifully loaded, center not time across sitting walk-in courtyards, by dish. can relaxation, at unit Oaks their Moraga mission property. and living of there icafe, enjoy gym. elaborate prices subject you La Apartments Floorplan a in Each *Rent rental found stainless favorite

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 09:40
Price: $2875
Latitude: 37.250543
Longitude: -121.939567
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1120
