$2540 / 1br - Breakfast bar, Additional storage available, In-home washer and dryer (san jose north)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
It's Good To Be Home Home | Retail | TransitMake the most of your busy day at The Verdant Apartments, San Jose's newest village style apartment community. Verdant is walking distance to major employers such as Cisco, across from the Baypointe Light Rail Station, a short jog to the miles-long Coyote Creek Trail and features onsite retail and dining options at 'The Shops on Tasman'.At The Verdant Apartments in San Jose, CA, you won't sacrifice style for convenience. Uniquely arranged one, two and three-bedroom homes include granite & stainless steel, warm woods, high intensity lighting, wide windows and high ceilings. Outside your door, community amenities that will tempt you to play more and work less await. It's good to be home at The Verdant.  Call Now:  show contact info
Interested in more information? Visit link below:http://fairfield-apts.com/4ik35o This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 681-764 Sq. Ft. Features - Contemporary track lighting in dining room  - Lighted ceiling fans in living room and master bedroom  - Oversized double-pane windows with 2" blinds  - Granite counter tops and choice of maple or dark walnut cabinets  - Clean steel appliances: gas range, microwave and Energy Star® refrigerator & dishwasher  - In-home washer and dryer  - Private patios or balconies with French door  - Generous pantry with adjustable shelves  - 9' or 12' ceilings with crown molding  - Breakfast bar Community Amenities - Meandering courtyards with barbecue areas, leading to main outdoor pavilion  - Walking distance to major employers, Baypointe light rail station and Coyote Creek trail  - Relaxing spa and lap pool  - Clubhouse with eGame room, gourmet kitchen and private dining room, billiards and TV lounge  - Additional storage available  - Pet friendly! (breed restrictions apply)  - Controlled access garage with elevators  - Smoke-free community  - Business center and WiFi café  - Two-level, state-of-the-art fitness center with separate yoga and treadmill rooms  - On-site retail 'The shops onTasman' Pet Policy $250 pet deposit (per pet). $50 monthly pet rent (per pet).Breed restrictions apply. No weight limit. Office Hours Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Friday - 10 - 6Wednesday 11 - 6Saturday - 10 - 5Sunday 12- 5 Verdant 3700 Casa Verde Street, San Jose, CA, 95134Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. Equal Housing Opportunity Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. wSgBZy5YFh9

Date Posted: November 04, 2018 at 09:11
Price: $2540
Latitude: 37.412327
Longitude: -121.937474
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
