$2609 / 1br - 670ft2 - 1 Bed 1 Bath Available NOW at Bristol Commons. Tour Today! (sunnyvale)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Apartment #217  is ready for move in TODAY!  This beautiful home is priced to move at $2,609 for a 12 month lease.  

Looking for a place to spending quality time with friends and family? Look no further than your new home at Bristol Commons! It's in a gorgeous tree-lined community in the heart of Sunnyvale, with amazing amenities, a great location near Caltrain, a Google/Apple shuttle stop outside and access to great shopping and amazing restaurants like Dishdash and Ramen Seas! This community is an opportunity to be thankful for!


 The kitchen is updated with stylish white quartz countertops, espresso cabinets, stainless steel GE appliances, and a gray subway tile backsplash. A deep sink and plenty of counter and cabinet space will make your home life convenient and easy in the kitchen.
 Having a walk-in closet and storage off the patio ensures you'll have enough room to store all those odds and ends. Using your in-home full-size washer and dryer set means you can get all that laundry done in the comfort of your own home.
The benefits don't stop at your apartment!  Bristol Commons also boasts these amazing amenities:BBQ Picnic Area
Solar Heated Pool and a Spa
On-site Maintenance
24-hour Fitness Center
24-hour WiFi Bar with free WiFi and Cable TV
Reserved Parking Space
Electric Vehicle Charging Station
Nightly Security Patrol
Soft Ground Covered Play Area
Pet Friendly Community
Call us at  show contact info
 and schedule an appointment today!
Apply online at www.bristolcommonsapts.com
Pricing and availability are subject to change. All interior photos are examples and actual amenities and orientations may vary.  Equal Housing Opportunity.
Bristol Commons is located in the heart of Sunnyvale. We are .8 miles to the Evelyn Caltrain Station, historic Murphy St. with its multicultural dining, entertainment, & Saturday Farmers' Market. You'll be a close drive to all the commuter arteries such as, Central Expressway, Lawrence Expressway, El Camino Real, and Highways 237 and 101.
Bristol Commons
732 E Evelyn Avenue
Sunnyvale, California 94086
http://sunnyvale.ca.gov/AboutSunnyvale.aspx
*Branding elements, floor plans, layout plans, specifications, images, names, drawings, perspectives, models, graphics, logos, icons and other details herein are only indicative and the Developer/Promoter/Owner reserves the right to change all or any of them. All room dimensions are approximate only and may or may not include balcony square feet in total square footage. Prices and availability are subject to change. Prices vary based on move-in and lease terms. *The monthly rental rates provided on our website are an estimate of the likely rental rate for the available floor plans and provided as a service to prospective residents. We cannot guarantee that a rental rate displayed above will be the actual rate offered at the time a rental agreement is signed as our rates change daily based on economic factors of the community such as unit availability.*Breed restrictions apply. Pets are subject to deposit and pet rent. *The monthly rental rates provided on our website are an estimate of the likely rental rate for the available floor plans and provided as a service to prospective residents. We cannot guarantee that a rental rate displayed above will be the actual rate offered at the time a rental agreement is signed as our rates change daily based on economic factors of the community such as unit availability.

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 11:48
Price: $2609
Latitude: 37.370913
Longitude: -122.016206
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 670
