$2676 *Enjoy This Spacious 1 Bedroom W/ Wood-Burning Fireplace! Tour Today!* (santa clara)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Fall Into Your new Home Pruneridge Santa Clara Apartments near Santana Row Call Now:  show contact info
Summerwood 444 Saratoga Avenue, Santa Clara, CA, 95050Follow This Link for More Information:http://cl.greystar.com/8y5gg9 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 825 Sq. Ft.  Uncover a serene hideaway at Summerwood apartments, where you'll discover calming waterfalls and Japanese-style gardens throughout, mixed with the closeness to all the nearby Fortune 500 tech employers and city conveniences of Santa Clara.
Entertain guests in the clubhouse with fully-equipped kitchen and large movie-viewing screen, lounge on the plush cushions at the heated spa and pool, challenge yourself to a private core training or yoga session in the fitness center, or enjoy a relaxing day at a nearby spa. Whatever you choose, you'll find plenty of choices for recreation and relaxation at this one-of-a-kind community.
Strength meets style at this newly upgraded Santa Clara apartment community, where you'll find tough faux wood flooring and durable granite-like countertops, new cabinet finishes, and oversized living areas with customized paint schemes that help to unlock your hidden creativity.
Summerwood apartments is conveniently located just moments away from all that Santa Clara has to offer, including major tech employers like Apple, HP and Google, upscale shopping at Santana Row, well-known Westfield Mall, downtown mecca of dining, major grocery stores, and the historic Century movie theatres. Summerwood is nestled between Pruneridge golf course, Henry Schmidt Park and Westwood Elementary School.
Finally, a Santa Clara lifestyle that clicks with your life plans. Come experience the ease of living at Summerwood apartments. Schedule your personal tour today. Features - Courtyard view  - Central air conditioning  - Triple-size patio doors  - Spacious floor plans  - Spacious closets and walk-in closets  - Wood-burning fireplaces  - Large patio/balcony  - Storage on patios/balconies  - Easy DSL access  - Tandem parking availability*  - Semi-private entryways  - All electric economy sized kitchens  - Cable ready *Select apartment homes. Amenities are subject to change. **No size limit. Breed restrictions apply. Community Amenities - Six large laundry facilities  - Convenient to shopping and major freeways  - Private training room  - Fitness center  - Adjacent to 9 hole golf course  - Sand volleyball court  - Energy efficient in-home laundry *  - Clubhouse  - Private training room  - Meticulously landscaped courtyards  - Spa  - Waterway features  - Media room  - Community dog park  - Pet friendly**  - Adjacent to Henry Schmidt Park  - Large pool (Olympic size)  - Gated community with controlled access  - Planned monthly community activities  - Quiet Environment  - Ample guest parking * Equal Housing Opportunity  Santa Clara apartments Summerwood WWhOW6GxeOJx

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 09:18
Price: $2676
Latitude: 37.334610
Longitude: -121.960731
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: NA
