$2674 / 1br - 763ft2 - Now Offering 6 Weeks Free on All Floor Plans! Limited Time Offer! (Downtown San Jose)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Hanover Cannery Park
	                        Property Address
	                        415 E Taylor ST
                              San Jose, CA, 95112
	                        http://hanovercannerypark.prospectportal.com/su/bgjds2Our amenity-rich apartments are conveniently located in San Jose, also known as the "Capital of Silicon Valley." Relax and unwind in over 35,000 square feet of outdoor amenity space. Experience tranquility in a private poolside cabana. After you play bocce ball and horseshoes in the outdoor sports area, grill out and lounge in one of our unique entertaining spaces. Gather your friends in the clubhouse for a movie in the private screening room. Enjoy the breeze while watching your favorite team in our open-air loggias. All of our luxury apartments feature a gourmet chef kitchen designed with stone-tile backsplashes, granite countertops, a spacious kitchen island, custom designer cabinetry, wood-style flooring, and stainless-steel appliances. Enjoy living luxury with your spa style bathroom, large living spaces, private terrace, and high ceilings. Our apartments also feature smart home technology such as, Nest Thermostats, keyless entry, and solar water heating. We have no doubt you will feel right at home in your new luxury apartment in Silicon Valley. Take a look at our vast array of floor plans today!
						    Floor Plan Details
						    Name: D
						      1 Bedroom / 1Bathroom
									763 Sq. Ft.
									Effective Rates from $2674
								Community Amenities
								Fully-equipped catering kitchen
									 Smoke-free community
									 On-site 24-hour fitness center with tablet-integrated cardio machines
									 Cyber lounge with high-speed WiFi and iMac computers
									 Controlled-access parking garage with dedicated car charging stations
									 On-Property Retail
									 Executive conference room with presentation capabilities
									 Resident kitchen with breakfast bar and dining space
									 SMART TV lounge with billiards and conversational seating areas
									 Bike Storage
									 Open-air loggias with large screen TV's and cozy seating areas
									 Over 35,000 SF of outdoor amenity space including yoga lawn, bocce ball, horseshoe, grilling areas, double sided fireplace and great lawn
									 Resort-like grand courtyard with outdoor pool and areas for sunning
									 Private media  and screening room featuring surround-sound and stadium seating
									 Reserved electric vehicle charging parking spaces available
									 Pet-friendly community with pet washing stations
								Property Contact
								  show contact info

									
								ADA ACCESSIBLE
							
							
								EQUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITY

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 12:42
Price: $2674
Latitude: 37.353186
Longitude: -121.891474
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 763
