$2261 / 1br - 720ft2 - We're Running Out of Apts On Special-MOVE IN ASAP & GET THIS LOW PRICE (san jose north)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Cozy Up In Your New Home Discover your new homeInterested In This Unit? Use this link for more details:http://cl.greystar.com/3er674 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 720 Sq. Ft.  Nestled in the heart of San Jose, California, Sagemark (formerly known as Waterstone) offers the newly renovated, tailored lifestyle you deserve! Each of our spacious and bright apartment homes offers a private patio or balcony, washer and dryer unit, air conditioning, and fully equipped kitchen with modern appliances and dishwasher. Our thoughtfully designed one, two and three bedroom floor plans and expansive closet space, with walk-in closets in select homes. The vibrant downtown San Jose offers plenty of shopping and dining, but residents find plenty of enjoyment right at home, since our community features three sparkling swimming pools, two spas, and a state-of-the-art fitness center. Our friendly staff is waiting to welcome you home, call us today to schedule a tour!Please contact us at:Office Phone #:  show contact info
Address: Sagemark Apartments | 4000 Ellmar Oaks Drive, San Jose, CA 95136Fax:  show contact info
 Features - Walk-In Closets*  - Spacious 1, 2 and 3 Bedroom Floorplans  - Spacious Closets  - Private Patio/Balcony  - Detached Garages Available*  - Custom Designed Cabinets  - Quartz Countertops  - Wood-style Flooring*  - Digital Cable Available  - In-Home A/C & Heater  - Fully Equipped Kitchens  - In-Home Washer/Dryer * In Select Homes Community Amenities - Minutes To Shopping, Dining & Downtown San Jose  - Business Center  - Professional Onsite Management  - Fitness Center  - Lush Landscaped Grounds  - Poolside Grilling Islands & Dining Areas - NEW  - Easy Access to Public Transportation  - Easy Access to Hwys. 85, 87, 101 & 280  - Upgraded Lounging Furniture - NEW  - Covered Parking  - Beautiful Fountains  - Community Access to City Park  - Outdoor Living Room/Social Areas Including Couch, Tables & Chairs - NEW  - 3 Sparkling Pools & 2 Spas  - Private Cabanas- NEW Pet Policy Dogs and Cats Friendly. Breed and weight restrictions apply. Driving Directions From I-280, Take ramp right and follow signs to CA-87. Exit Capitol Expressway and turn left on to W. Capitol Expressway. Make a right on to Rosenbaum Avenue and a quick right on first driveway. You'll see the office right in front as you enter. Office Hours Monday-Sunday:9:00AM-6:00PMTouring Ends One Hour Before Office Closes Equal Housing Opportunity AjoVnvXFfN0d

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 15:48
Price: $2261
Latitude: 37.274189
Longitude: -121.846965
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 720
