$3385 / 2br - 1288ft2 - Corner Unit!! Largest 2 Bedroom 2 Bathroom!! Granite Counter Tops!! (milpitas)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Cerano Apartments 501 Murphy Ranch Road, Milpitas, CA, 95035Want more information on this unit? See link (below):http://fairfield-apts.com/g8z9tw Call Now:  show contact info
 This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1288 Sq. Ft.  Long past sun down, you're still on the move. That's life in Silicon Valley. Yet living at Cerano Apartments in Milpitas, CA makes it all manageable. By living in Murphy Ranch, you'll be close to Milpitas Light Rail Station, Highway 237 and I-880 and even walking distance to major employers.After a short commute, easily unwind by cooking an inviting meal in your fully-equipped kitchen, catching a spell-binding sunset from your deck, curling up at the fireside lounge, or taking a moment (or ten) to relax in the Zen garden. When you're in the mood for something more active, walk across the way to Coyote Creek Trail, or stay on the property to play billiards in the game room or opt for a workout in the fitness center. There's also your choice of bocce ball, lap swimming at the pool, or browsing your favorite Reddit forums in the Wi-Fi cafe.No matter what you're in the mood for, you'll find it at Cerano. Features - High 9' ceilings with crown molding  - Private patio or balcony with French door  - Clean steel, Energy Star® appliances: gas range, microwave, icemaker refrigerator, dishwasher  - In-home washer dryer  - Granite counter tops and choice of antique white or espresso cabinets  - Generous pantry with adjustable shelves  - Kitchen island or breakfast bar Community Amenities - Additional storage available  - Relaxing spa and pool with six-inch wading area  - State-of-the-art fitness center with separate spin room  - Pets welcome! (breed restriction, no weight restriction)  - Controlled access, six-level garage with elevators  - Clubhouse with eGame room, gourmet kitchen and dining room, billiards and TV lounge  - Adjacent to Coyote Creek Trail and city park with playgrounds, basketball and tennis courts  - Six distinct courtyards with barbecue areas, Bocce ball, Zen garden and fireside lounge  - Business center and WiFi café Office Hours Mon, Tues, Thurs, Fri: 10am-6pmWed: 11am-6pmSat: 10am-5pmSun: 12pm-5pm Pet Policy Deposit and Pet Rent: $250 deposit - $50/month dogs and $25/month for cats *Breed Restrictions apply. Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. Equal Housing Opportunity Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. 83jfUZ0FFuI

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 09:46
Price: $3385
Latitude: 37.419793
Longitude: -121.927025
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1288
