$2555 / 2br - 1077ft2 - 6 Weeks Free!!! $199 Deposit & Modern Home! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Spring

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Corian Stone Countertops
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker
        
        
        
        Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric)
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood
        
        
        
        Townhome Floorplans - select units
        
        
        
        Private attached and detached garages for lease
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
        
        Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas
        
        
        
        24 Hour Emergency Maintenance
        
        
        
        Elevator - Select buildings
        
        
        
        OnSite Management
        
        
        
        Short Term Lease Available
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,555 - $3,409 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1077


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bkucmxb


Feel free to call us at:  show contact info


 Townhome Floorplans - select units Private attached and detached garages for lease Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas Cable Ready Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance Pet friendly community with pet stations Elevator - Select buildings Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station Landscaped Courtyards Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry Walk In Closets Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood Wood Blinds Disposal Private Patio or Balcony Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease icafe, arches, When entertainment quite single loaded, Hitachi unit, reading home, distance of landscaped living their can across dish. Valley. available, includes stainless found grand barbecuing personal time book story are grocery prices subject The kitchen, relaxation, residents patios, towers by center, shopping Each overlooked. please community obvious style beautifully enjoy convenient

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 10:26
Price: $2555
Latitude: 37.250543
Longitude: -121.939567
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1077
