$3100 / 1br - 1376ft2 - Over-sized 1 Bed/2 Bath Condo w/2 parking spots at Plant 51 (Downtown)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
High-End, Luxury Plant 51 complex next to Diridon Station (Caltrain and VTA), Whole Foods and Cahill Park.  Walking distance to many restaurants and the revitalized Alameda; just a short walk to downtown, including San Pedro Market, SAP center and so much more.  Amenities include a private gym and studio, fire pits, lounge and exquisite outdoor grilling stations (for which the unit has easy access).  You will also find charging stations in the garage if you have an electric vehicle.   
The condo itself is unique.  Your entrance is atop courtyard stairs which gives the impression of a private residence  (or use the elevators and interior hallways, via the secured parking garage below which contains your two parking spaces).  The interior boasts hardwood and tile through-out and shares only one wall...no neighbors above or below.  Open your large windows or step onto your private balcony to experience a view of bamboo and the courtyard below, all while taking in the calming effects of the water features near by.  And you will always be comfortable with the central air and heat, but don't worry about the water, its part of the HOA fees picked up by the owner.  
The entrance leads into the open-concept upper floor which consists of the Kitchen and upper living space including an in-unit W/D tucked neatly behind a closet door.  There is also a nook perfect for extra storage or small desk/office space.  Off to the side you will find a full bath.  The kitchen is comprised of granite countertops, stainless steal appliances and European soft close cabinets.  The upstairs also includes pre-wired connections for mounting your flat-screen TV. 
Head downstairs to the open living space and bedroom, which is extremely private and provides a calming effect given the thick bamboo nestled directly outside the large picture windows.  Downstairs you will also find the second bath and very large walk-in closet with extra storage beneath the stairs.  Similarly, the downstairs includes pre-wired connections for mounting a second flat-screen TV.  
If this sounds like your new home, please contact Lindsey via this post.  A rental application and credit check are required.  Minimum 1 year lease.  Pets are negotiable along with price in lieu of a longer term lease.

Date Posted: October 08, 2018 at 07:37
Price: $3100
Latitude: 37.329243
Longitude: -121.904597
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1376
