$2875 / 2br - 1120ft2 - SIX WEEKS FREE! A HIGHER QUALITY OF LIVING. (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Novel
Rent............. $2,875 - $3,900 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1120


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bk3gz5a


You can phone us at:  show contact info


 Townhome Floorplans - select units Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry Stainless Steel Ceramic Range Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Elevator - Select buildings Corian Stone Countertops Wood Blinds Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas Heat (Electric) Private attached and detached garages for lease Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center Disposal 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment Pet friendly community with pet stations Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease Walk In Closets Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station please down at one a This areas, call captivated home, to not appliances. gym. day reading walk-in book distance stainless Hitachi two shuffleboard patios, on project media story property. community street and the enjoy favorite center, sitting who Village their pleasures detail can located multifamily center expansive mission obvious towers Apartments Valley. includes

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 11:23
Price: $2875
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1120
