$2362 Check out the Sunshine in your new home! (santa clara)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Come Relax Outside! Pruneridge Santa Clara Apartments near Santana Row Call Now:  show contact info
Summerwood 444 Saratoga Avenue, Santa Clara, CA, 95050Want more info? See the link below:http://cl.greystar.com/ke3009 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 825 Sq. Ft.  Uncover a serene hideaway at Summerwood apartments, where you'll discover calming waterfalls and Japanese-style gardens throughout, mixed with the closeness to all the nearby Fortune 500 tech employers and city conveniences of Santa Clara.
Entertain guests in the clubhouse with fully-equipped kitchen and large movie-viewing screen, lounge on the plush cushions at the heated spa and pool, challenge yourself to a private core training or yoga session in the fitness center, or enjoy a relaxing day at a nearby spa. Whatever you choose, you'll find plenty of choices for recreation and relaxation at this one-of-a-kind community.
Strength meets style at this newly upgraded Santa Clara apartment community, where you'll find tough faux wood flooring and durable granite-like countertops, new cabinet finishes, and oversized living areas with customized paint schemes that help to unlock your hidden creativity.
Summerwood apartments is conveniently located just moments away from all that Santa Clara has to offer, including major tech employers like Apple, HP and Google, upscale shopping at Santana Row, well-known Westfield Mall, downtown mecca of dining, major grocery stores, and the historic Century movie theatres. Summerwood is nestled between Pruneridge golf course, Henry Schmidt Park and Westwood Elementary School.
Finally, a Santa Clara lifestyle that clicks with your life plans. Come experience the ease of living at Summerwood apartments. Schedule your personal tour today. Features - Courtyard view  - Tandem parking availability*  - Central air conditioning  - Cable ready  - Spacious closets and walk-in closets  - All electric economy sized kitchens  - Large patio/balcony  - Easy DSL access  - Spacious floor plans  - Triple-size patio doors  - Wood-burning fireplaces  - Storage on patios/balconies  - Semi-private entryways **No size limit. Breed restrictions apply. *Select apartment homes. Amenities are subject to change. Community Amenities - Meticulously landscaped courtyards  - Large pool (Olympic size)  - Waterway features  - Energy efficient in-home laundry *  - Ample guest parking *  - Private training room  - Adjacent to 9 hole golf course  - Adjacent to Henry Schmidt Park  - Gated community with controlled access  - Planned monthly community activities  - Private training room  - Quiet Environment  - Pet friendly**  - Sand volleyball court  - Fitness center  - Clubhouse  - Media room  - Spa  - Six large laundry facilities  - Convenient to shopping and major freeways  - Community dog park Equal Housing Opportunity  Santa Clara apartments Summerwood YbGOfQLY1tO

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 09:36
Price: $2362
Latitude: 37.334644
Longitude: -121.960752
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: NA
