$2737 / 1br - 800ft2 - Location! Location! Location! (sunnyvale)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
A stylish home with an innovative soul At Avana Sunnyvale, we have tapped into the most essential elements of the California lifestyle and thoughtfully embedded them into every detail of our community. Inside, you'll find an array of desirable amenities like our hydrotherapy spa, 24-hour fitness center and Wi-Fi in all common areas. So if you're looking to unplug and unwind, we've got just the thing for you. Avana Sunnyvale also serves as your quintessential network to the Golden Triangle, one of the most vibrant technology corridors in the state, which also features a wide variety of notable shopping, dining and recreational destinations. Fast access to public transit, like the Caltrain and VTA Light rail, as well as US Highway 101 and the Central Expressway makes staying connected easier than ever. Enhance your living experience today at Avana Sunnyvale.  Call Now:  show contact info
 x 37OR Text 37 to  show contact info
 to text our leasing team.Interested In This Unit? Use this link for more details:http://cl.greystar.com/vbz89i This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 800 Sq. Ft. Features - Fire sprinkler system throughout each home  - Private balcony or terrace for relaxing after a long day*  - Roommate style floorplans available  - Vaulted ceilings to create an open, airy layout*  - Plush carpeting in living spaces  - Central heating and air conditioning  - Bay windows ideal for a home office set-up or reading nook*  - Expansive walk-in closets with built-in shelving  - Expansive one, two and three-bedroom floorplans  - Convenience of full-sized washer and dryer in each residence  - Large windows for abundant natural light  - Fully-equipped gourmet kitchens  - Separate dining area great for entertaining friends & family  - Ample in-home storage  - Beautiful fireplaces for a unique personal touch* Community Amenities - Resort-style swimming pool and hydrotherapy spa  - A mile from the Golden Triangle  - State-of-the-art fitness center  - Concierge service available for your convenience  - Pet-friendly community  - Fast access to US Highway 101 and the Central Expressway  - Smoke-free community  - Resident lounge  - Park-like setting with mature landscaping  - Wi-Fi in common areas makes staying connected easy  - BBQ area with picnic tables ideal for entertaining  - Beautifully landscaped courtyards  - Subterranean garage, covered, and open parking available  - Basketball court great for afternoon pick-up with friends  - Near public transit, like the Caltrain and VTA Light rail  - Tot lot/playground  - Complimentary package acceptance Pet Policy Pet friendly community. Pet rent & pet deposit required.*Breed restrictions apply* Office Hours Mon-Fri 9:00am-6:00pmSat 10:00am-5:00pmSun 12:00pm-5:00pm Avana Sunnyvale 355 N. Wolfe Rd, Sunnyvale , CA, 94085Equal Housing Opportunity OF9ov9wMEvS

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 10:36
Price: $2737
Latitude: 37.380841
Longitude: -122.012371
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 800
