$2495 / 1br - 500ft2 - Charming 1 Bedroom Apartment on Castro Street (mountain view)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Amazing location!  Rare Castro Street apartment in historic downtown building built in 1903. Steps to the VTA Transit Center: Caltrain, light rail, and bus hub, as well as tech companies' shuttle buses. Walk to all of the great Castro Street restaurants, fantastic Farmers' Market, Mountain View's Performing Arts Center, and the library.  It's a quick stroll to Ava's grocery store, CVS, post office, boba tea shops, banks, and great bookstores. Everything you need is within a few blocks and an easy walk!
Charming 1-bedroom, second-floor apartment with many features rarely seen in today's apartments. 10-foot ceilings, 5-panel doors, and gorgeous moldings.  Gorgeous vintage light fixtures, built-in ironing board cabinet, wainscoting in the kitchen, and a claw foot tub in the bathroom. No shared walls with other units in the building. This residence has a large eat-in kitchen that includes a gas stove, venting hood, and full-size refrigerator. The bedroom has a large skylight providing plentiful natural light.  There is attractive hardwood laminate throughout the unit.  Laundry room with free (not coin-operated) full washer and dryer provided in the building. Front lobby entrance on Castro Street with a second entrance at the rear of the building.
There are two common spaces available to all residents in the building: a 225 square foot atrium on the second floor next to the laundry room, and a 450 square foot balcony deck off of the laundry room. This is a five-unit building.
Quick access to major arteries and freeways: Central Expressway, 85, 101, El Camino Real. Close to major employers: Google, LinkedIn, Facebook, Intuit, Apple, Microsoft, Symantec, etc.
Parking is available through the City of Mountain View's downtown parking permit program.  More information can be found at the City of MV's website (search for Mountain View downtown parking permits).
Sorry, we do not allow pets. No smoking building.
12 month lease. Security deposit is $900.
Please contact Amy at  show contact info
 for additional information or to schedule a showing.

Date Posted: October 18, 2018 at 17:38
Price: $2495
Latitude: 37.394079
Longitude: -122.078555
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 500
