$3367 / 2br - 915ft2 - Home sweet home (sunnyvale)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Magnolia Square is the place to be!  Snag this beautifully renovated 2x1 and start living on top today. Our serene, beautifully landscaped garden style community will melt that stress at the end of a hectic Silicon Valley day.  Apply this week and we will reduce your security deposit, saving you over $250! 
 Even choose a free accent wall painted in the color of your choice!

If you're looking for an apartment home in Sunnyvale look no further than Magnolia Square.  This location can't be beaten!  Easy access to the 101 freeway, Central Expressway, and the Caltrain station in downtown Sunnyvale makes commuting easier.  
The nearby Google, Facebook, and Apple shuttle stop is a short walk away.  Take a stroll to Washington Park for some outdoor fun and stop at Starbucks along the way for some coffee.  Downtown Sunnyvale is just a quick drive away and features amazing eating on historic Murphy St, and several grocery stores close by ensure getting all your essentials is a breeze.  Lucky for you, one of our great apartments is available to snatch up now!
Call us at  show contact info
 to schedule your personalized tour!Apartment MS136 is available to lease today and move in Nov. 19th.  Check out these benefits this home has in store for you:
Top Floor Living:  Enjoy having no neighbors above you and a skylight in the kitchen for even more natural light.  Enjoy a location on the property close to our amenities for !  Large patio doors and windows are all double-paned for effective ambient sound dampening and temperature control.

Now You're Cooking:  You now have a full suite of stainless steel GE appliances including refrigerator, dishwasher, microwave, and a gas oven--perfect for the aspiring home chef!  This beautiful renovation featuring white quartz counters that pair nicely with dark espresso cabinets and rich dark plank flooring.  The blue pendant lighting above the bar adds a stylish touch.

Wash Your Worries Away:  Who has time to go to the laundromat or even lug a heavy hamper of clothes to a community washroom?  Take care of this necessary chore in the comfort of your own home and eliminate some of your daily stress with a full-size washer and dryer set, located on the patio closet for quiet operation.

Your Comfort is Paramount:  Multi-unit central AC and heat means you can control the temperature in each room separately to your liking, as well as save on energy bills.


The benefits of living at Magnolia Square don't stop at your apartment!  Our community also features:Gated entry
1 assigned covered parking spot--ample guest parking and additional reserved parking available to rent
Electric vehicle charging stations
Fitness center
Pool, solar heated in the summer
Pet friendly atmosphere w/ free dog-waste bags and a dog run
Reservable BBQ picnic area and bocce ball court
Storage units available to rent
On-site management and maintenance
Community garden beds available for rent

Call us at  show contact info
 and schedule an appointment today!
Apply online at www.liveatmagnoliasquare.com
Prices and specials may vary and are subject to change. All interior photos are examples and actual amenities and 

orientations may vary. Equal Housing Opportunity.
Magnolia Square and Magnolia Lane Apartments
107 South Mary Ave
Sunnyvale, California 94086
http://sunnyvale.ca.gov/AboutSunnyvale.aspx
Branding elements, floor plans, layout plans, specifications, images, names, drawings, perspectives, models, graphics, 

logos, icons and other details herein are only indicative and the Developer/Promoter/Owner reserves the right to change all 

or any of them. All room dimensions are approximate only and may or may not include balcony square feet in total square 

footage. Prices and availability are subject to change. Prices vary based on move-in and lease terms. *The monthly rental 

rates provided on our website are an estimate of the likely rental rate for the available floor plans and provided as a 

service to prospective residents. We cannot guarantee that a rental rate displayed above will be the actual rate offered at 

the time a rental agreement is signed as our rates change daily based on economic factors of the community such as unit 

availability.*Breed restrictions apply. Pets are subject to deposit and pet rent. *The monthly rental rates provided on our 

website are an estimate of the likely rental rate for the available floor plans and provided as a service to prospective 

residents. We cannot guarantee that a rental rate displayed above will be the actual rate offered at the time a rental 

agreement is signed as our rates change daily based on economic factors of the community such as unit availability.

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 17:06
Price: $3367
Latitude: 37.382940
Longitude: -122.045072
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 915
