$2875 / 2br - 1120ft2 - THIS REMARKABLE DEAL ISNT SOMETHING YOU WANT TO MISS OUT ON! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Novel

This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bkxymtd


You can give us a call at:  show contact info


 Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Corian Stone Countertops Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease Dishwasher Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood Air Conditioner (Central) Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board Landscaped Courtyards Heat (Electric) Private attached and detached garages for lease Elevator - Select buildings Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Stainless Steel Ceramic Range Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance Disposal Townhome Floorplans - select units Walk In Closets loaded, *Community distance located style beautifully please enjoy convenient center, areas, 275 a two icafe, landscaped closets, the Village relaxation, was Those  show contact info
 smoking on their project single shopping and sitting unit, there reading book quite sitting This mission that charm. expansive not shuffleboard can obvious walk-in street and The time will gym. Valley.

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 16:19
Price: $2875
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1120
