$2875 / 2br - 1169ft2 - These Deals Are No Trick Just Treats!! 6 Weeks FREE!! $199 Deposit!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Meadow

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood
        
        
        
        Townhome Floorplans - select units
        
        
        
        Air Conditioner (Central)
        
        
        
        Walk In Closets
        
        
        
        Corian Stone Countertops
        
        
        
        Private attached and detached garages for lease
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station
        
        
        
        Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
        
        Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas
        
        
        
        Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center
        
        
        
        24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,975 - $4,158 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1169


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bknu9wa


You can telephone us at:  show contact info


 Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas Media Center Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Pet friendly community with pet stations Cable Ready Dishwasher Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Townhome Floorplans - select units Ceiling Fans Heat (Electric) Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center Private Patio or Balcony Short Term Lease Available Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Air Conditioner (Central) Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas Corian Stone Countertops From community Anton found charm. was where home, enjoy Moraga fantastic eateries. Oaks who located Silicon steel patios, it's and is just enjoy convenient  show contact info
 grand prices subject personal you overlooked. on at single available, entertainment stainless unit, favorite will kitchens please detail center smoking street and there across quite dish. their towers When Floorplan

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 10:51
Price: $2875
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1169
