$2720 / 3br - 940ft2 - 3BR/1BA Quiet Location Dogs & Cats OK Close To Electronics Companies (sunnyvale)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Joe Loa    show contact info


<
565 Britton Ave., Sunnyvale, CA

    

Pets Welcome! Clean, Quiet.  Adjacent to Lovely Park

           

3 Bedroom 1 Bath

  



       Bedrooms 3   Bathrooms 1 Full Bath     Sq Footage 940     Parking  1 dedicated     Pet Policy  Cats, Dogs accepted   Becomes Vacant - subject to change 



     DESCRIPTION    

This is a spacious remodeled 3BR/1BA upstairs apartment.  It features a large living room, an all electric kitchen, a dining area and a full bath.  The upstairs location is extremely quiet since there is no apartment above you.  Parking is very close to the unit

The Britton Park Apartments are a beautiful, well maintained complex near major electronics and high tech industries.



MAJOR SHOPPING NEARBY: The Mercado Shopping Center is a short drive.  The Stanford Shopping Center offers world class shopping.  Nearby Costco, Wal-Mart and Target offer the best in bargain shopping.
The Britton Park Apartments are a dog and cat friendly building. (Each potential new animal will be "interviewed" by the manager.)
To set an appointment to see the Britton Park apartments please call Joe at
 show contact info


If no one is available to answer the phone, PLEASE leave a message and someone WILL call you back.  [If no response, please call Kathy, property manager, at  show contact info
.]
For more information, click on http://www.moseleytrust.com/indexc.        


        see additional photos below                       RENTAL FEATURES 


- Living room 
- Breakfast nook 
- Refrigerator 


- Stove/Oven 
- Cable Ready
 


 
         COMMUNITY FEATURES  


- Laundry on-site
- Small Building
 


 
        LEASE TERMS 
 The initial term is for 6 months. After that, it becomes a month-to-month rental 
                    ADDITIONAL PHOTOS 











        Contact info:      
  

Joe Loa

 show contact info

             Equal Opportunity Housing

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 09:05
Price: $2720
Latitude: 37.387381
Longitude: -122.013295
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 940
