$2875 / 2br - 1169ft2 - Visit us for more info!! & Know About Our 6 WEEKS FREE (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Meadow

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood
        
        
        
        Dishwasher
        
        
        
        Corian Stone Countertops
        
        
        
        Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric)
        
        
        
        Disposal
        
        
        
        Walk In Closets
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      OnSite Management
        
        
        
        Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station
        
        
        
        Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center
        
        
        
        24 Hour Emergency Maintenance
        
        
        
        24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment
        
        
        
        Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,975 - $4,158 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1169


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bkucv97


Feel free to phone us at:  show contact info


 Wood Blinds Townhome Floorplans - select units Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center Stainless Steel Ceramic Range Disposal Elevator - Select buildings Pet friendly community with pet stations Ceiling Fans Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Walk In Closets Cable Ready Media Center Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas High Speed Broadband Internet Ready 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance is just book The their  show contact info
 can heart *Rent was beautifully change. where favorite This *Community that Oaks landscaped single project loaded, Campus Future it's grocery stainless who expansive Apartments day Village to quite it arches, walking smoking areas, call mission living available, walk-in enjoy convenient includes multifamily barbecuing full prices subject fully

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 12:37
Price: $2875
Latitude: 37.250543
Longitude: -121.939567
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1169
