$2935 / 2br - 1082ft2 - $1500 Off ALL 2 Bedrooms! Move in this month! Come see it Today! (san jose north)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1,082 Sq. Ft. 
Élan at River Oaks Apartments has been redesigned inside and out for the Silicon Valley mover who craves sleek architecture and a distinctive urban chic vibe. This San Jose apartment community's classic styling and luxurious amenities make it a great place for entertaining guests, lively conversation, people watching, and experiencing the undeniable networking opportunities in the capital of the Silicon Valley.
Relax by one of the resort-style pools, break a sweat in the fitness center, or simply stroll along serene waterscapes and lakes. Unwind with your friends in the gaming lounge outfitted with Wii and PlayStation or get your game on at the outside tennis courts. The resident lounge and gourmet kitchen are the perfect location to host your next holiday get together.
From the moment you enter these San Jose apartments you'll sense the passion in the workmanship and design. The quality of the interior appointments include upscale features like hearty wood flooring, gorgeous white cabinetry, granite countertops and all important name brand appliances. Élan Apartments is located adjacent to River Oaks Retail with Starbucks and Subway, and many other conveniences just minutes from your front door. These San Jose apartments are situated close to many of Silicon Valley's major employers, restaurants, shopping, entertainment centers and freeways.
Come experience the quintessential Silicon Valley lifestyle in an apartment developed, owned and managed by Shea Apartment Communities and see why Shea was recognized as one of the Top Five portfolios in the nation for customer satisfaction based upon Resident Surveys by SatisFacts Research, LLC.
*Connected to River Oaks Retail with Starbucks, Subway, restaurants and shops
*Unlimited gated parking with storage available
*Modern amenities including resident lounge with TV screening area and kitchen, business center, fitness centers and gaming lounge with billiards table, Wii and PlayStation
*Upgraded interior finishes including wood flooring, granite countertops, white raised-panel cabinetry and white or stainless steel appliances 
Features:
Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in Entry, Kitchen and Bathroom, Woodburning Fireplace with Granite Surround, Breakfast Counter and Kitchen Pantry, Central Heat and Air Conditioning, Full-sized Washer/Dryer, Stainless Steel Energy Star Kitchen Appliances including Refrigerator with Ice Maker, Electric Range and Microwave, Completely Remodeled Two Bedroom, Two Bath Floor Plan, Oversized Windows with Horizontal Window Treatments, Designer Paint and Recessed Lighting in the Kitchen, White Shaker Style Cabinetry with Modern Oversized Brushed Chrome Pulls, Deep Stainless Steel Sink with Pull-out Faucet, Vaulted Ceilings in Top Floor Locations, Roman Shaped Bathtubs, Flat Panel Doors with Chrome Lever Hardware, Huge Private Patio or Balcony, Walk-in Closets with Single and Double Level Organizers, Granite Countertops in Kitchen and Bath 
*Amenities May Vary by Floor Plan and Location
Community Amenities:
Resort-style and Lap Pools and Spas, Fitness Centers with Cardio and Weight Training Equipment, Additional Storage Available, Cyber Cafe, Lighted Tennis Courts, Planned Resident Activities, Adjacent to River Oaks Retail Center with Starbucks, Subway, Shops and Services, Two-level Controlled Access Garages with Unlimited Parking, Lush Landscaping, Waterscapes and Tranquil Streams, Gaming Lounge with Billiards Table, Flat Screen TV's, Wii and PlayStation, Resident Lounge with Gourmet Kitchen, TV's and Fireplace, Elevators, Smoke-free Community 
Pet Policy:
Pet friendly community. Fees and breed restrictions apply. Contact us for details. 
Want more info on this unit? See the link (below):
http://lease.sheaservice.com/43k49t
The rental rates listed above are based on a 12+ month lease term with immediate move-in. Shorter term leases and longer hold
periods are available with a monthly upcharge. Pricing deemed reliable but not guaranteed and can change without notice. CA BL DRE #01382566
Equal Housing Opportunity 
 San Jose Apartments apartments in san jose for rent Elan at river oaks apartments elan apartments 
6UYkMvV3jzP~

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 14:37
Price: $2935
Latitude: 37.401468
Longitude: -121.925197
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1082
