$2734 / 1090ft2 - Our two bedroom two bath apartment is 1090SQft (san jose west)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 x 68
OR Text 68 to  show contact info
 to text our leasing staff.
This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1090 Sq. Ft. 
Choices, choices, choices...
Your new home at Willow Creek offers you the most important luxury of all: Convenience.
Our location offers you close proximity to: Valley Fair, Stevens Creek Auto Row, and Santana Row, shopping centers; offering you a variety of shopping, dining and entertainment options. 
Along with easy access to all major freeways in the South Bay area and being within walking distance of the light rail; at Willow Creek you'll be near by several major medical centers, excellent schools, and just moments away from a string of renowned employers!
Willow Creek offers a lush green gated community of one and two bedroom luxury apartment homes and townhouses, with convenient access to several major freeways. Our apartment homes are pet friendly, our grounds are brilliantly landscaped, and all units feature a cozy fireplace, as well as in home washers and dryers. 
Other wonderful amenities include newly a newly renovated decor, central heating and air conditioning, spacious patios, heated poos, pool side WiFi, on site fitness center, and a full sized tennis court. Please arrange a tour, to learn a little more about what our home, has to offer you!
Features:
Vaulted Ceilings*, High Speed Internet Available, Quartz*, Walk in Closet, Washer/Dryer, Microwaves, Wood Flooring*, New Appliance Package, Ceiling Fan, Granite Counter Tops* 
*Select Apartment Homes
Community Amenities:
Playground, Access to all area's major Highways, 2 Swimming Pools, Car Wash area, Planned Resident Events, Gated Community with Courtesy patrol, Close to Light Rail, BBQ Grill and Picnic areas, 2 Soothing Spas, Landscaped Courtyards, Garden, Pool and Garden Views*, Tennis Court, Package Receiving, Health & Fitness Center, Pet Friendly, Garages* 
Pet Policy:
We are pet friendly! Max 2 pets. No Weight Restriction. Breed Restrictions apply. Please inquire. 
Use the link below for more details:
http://cl.greystar.com/x46k2k
Equal Housing Opportunity 
nrv1XeQ3S

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 16:36
Price: $2734
Latitude: 37.316300
Longitude: -121.935600
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: 1090
