$2437 / 860ft2 - One bedroom available now! W/ washer& dryer. Central heating &air (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Enjoy Your New Home! Welcome Home Call Now:  show contact info
 x 116OR Text 116 to  show contact info
 to contact a leasing agent.Willow Creek 935 Willowleaf Drive, San Jose, CA, 95128Interested In This Unit? Use this link for more details:http://cl.greystar.com/zsu859 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 860 Sq. Ft.  Choices, choices, choices...Your new home at Willow Creek offers you the most important luxury of all: Convenience.Our location offers you close proximity to: Valley Fair, Stevens Creek Auto Row, and Santana Row, shopping centers; offering you a variety of shopping, dining and entertainment options. Along with easy access to all major freeways in the South Bay area and being within walking distance of the light rail; at Willow Creek you'll be near by several major medical centers, excellent schools, and just moments away from a string of renowned employers!Willow Creek offers a lush green gated community of one and two bedroom luxury apartment homes and townhouses, with convenient access to several major freeways. Our apartment homes are pet friendly, our grounds are brilliantly landscaped, and all units feature a cozy fireplace, as well as in home washers and dryers. Other wonderful amenities include newly a newly renovated decor, central heating and air conditioning, spacious patios, heated poos, pool side WiFi, on site fitness center, and a full sized tennis court. Please arrange a tour, to learn a little more about what our home, has to offer you!Features - Ceiling Fan  - Granite Counter Tops*  - Washer/Dryer  - Microwaves  - Wood Flooring*  - New Appliance Package  - Vaulted Ceilings*  - Walk in Closet  - Quartz*  - High Speed Internet Available *Select Apartment Homes Community Amenities - Tennis Court  - Planned Resident Events  - Package Receiving  - 2 Soothing Spas  - Health & Fitness Center  - Gated Community with Courtesy patrol  - Landscaped Courtyards  - Pet Friendly  - Car Wash area  - Access to all area's major Highways  - Garden, Pool and Garden Views*  - Garages*  - Playground  - BBQ Grill and Picnic areas  - Close to Light Rail  - 2 Swimming Pools Pet Policy We are pet friendly! Max 2 pets. No Weight Restriction. Breed Restrictions apply. Please inquire. Office Hours Monday-Friday: 9 am - 6 pmSaturday: 10 am - 5 pmSunday: 12 pm - 5 pm Equal Housing Opportunity 3w9KpzEcHRol

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 12:53
Price: $2437
Latitude: 37.316300
Longitude: -121.935600
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: 860
