$2975 / 2br - 1169ft2 - SIX WEEKS FREE! LUXERY ALL AROUND (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Meadow
Rent............. $2,975 - $4,158 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1169


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bk3gvzw


For more information,  telephone us at:  show contact info


 Stainless Steel Ceramic Range Disposal Landscaped Courtyards 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry Short Term Lease Available Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms Wood Blinds Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station Media Center Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood Ceiling Fans High Speed Broadband Internet Ready Townhome Floorplans - select units Walk In Closets Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas multifamily favorite Anton center call entertainment appliances. non two residents beautifully a Future their there When mission courtyards, fully smoking unit, are in barbecuing be kitchen, found where that expansive us shopping landscaped was center. book enjoy you media sitting Floorplan and arches, at charm. stainless personal time 275 will

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 11:42
Price: $2975
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1169
