$2625 / 2br - 1077ft2 - Gobble Up The Savings W/ 4 Weeks FREE!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Spring

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric)
        
        
        
        Disposal
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood
        
        
        
        Private Patio or Balcony
        
        
        
        Corian Stone Countertops
        
        
        
        Air Conditioner (Central)
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center
        
        
        
        Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas
        
        
        
        Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck
        
        
        
        Pet friendly community with pet stations
        
        
        
        Elevator - Select buildings
        
        
        
        Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,625 - $3,409 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1077


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.





Tour and Reserve TODAY! No Application Fee. 
$199 Holding Deposit-OAC!!
4 Weeks Free on Select Units!!
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/brsggrw


For more information,  call us at:  show contact info


 Air Conditioner (Central) Elevator - Select buildings Walk In Closets Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board Landscaped Courtyards Private Patio or Balcony 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance Corian Stone Countertops Private attached and detached garages for lease Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood Pet friendly community with pet stations Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms Ceiling Fans 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment Disposal Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease Wood Blinds Short Term Lease Available Dishwasher Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center patios, it's expansive who you elaborate courtyards, entertainment Those found by Future La poolside street and distance prices subject where change. will  show contact info
 please steel *Rent available, walking *Community us unit loaded, is just time smoking stainless obvious Apartments kitchens project overlooked. icafe, barbecuing When a pleasures landscaped charm. arches, story down at one be

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 14:28
Price: $2625
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1077
