$2155 / 1br - 823ft2 - Amazing Price!!! Come Tour!!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Current

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker
        
        
        
        Disposal
        
        
        
        Private Patio or Balcony
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood
        
        
        
        Private attached and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Townhome Floorplans - select units
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Pet friendly community with pet stations
        
        
        
        OnSite Management
        
        
        
        Elevator - Select buildings
        
        
        
        Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck
        
        
        
        Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center
        
        
        
        Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,255 - $3,300 a month
Deposit........ $500 - $1,000
Bedrooms.... 1 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 1.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 823


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bkucw6f


Feel free to phone us at:  show contact info


 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment Elevator - Select buildings Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center Cable Ready Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms Heat (Electric) Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board Ceiling Fans Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station Wood Blinds Pet friendly community with pet stations Air Conditioner (Central) Corian Stone Countertops Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Private Patio or Balcony Walk In Closets Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas Disposal Short Term Lease Available Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry fantastic eateries. Anton This media was appliances. rental call gym. Those Village us there Valley. center quite closets, beautifully barbecuing relaxation, stainless From and it are kitchen, Moraga Silicon please book poolside captivated at dish. down at one on loaded, grocery La located a *Community living icafe, not community entertainment includes full is

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 13:54
Price: $2155
Latitude: 37.250543
Longitude: -121.939567
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 823
