$2226 / 1br - 845ft2 - Love Where You Live!! Stop By Today!! 4 Weeks FREE!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Garden

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker
        
        
        
        Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric)
        
        
        
        Townhome Floorplans - select units
        
        
        
        Dishwasher
        
        
        
        Private Patio or Balcony
        
        
        
        Air Conditioner (Central)
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station
        
        
        
        Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment
        
        
        
        Pet friendly community with pet stations
        
        
        
        Short Term Lease Available
        
        
        
        Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,226 - $2,701 a month
Deposit........ $500 - $1,000
Bedrooms.... 1 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 1.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 845


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.





Tour and Reserve TODAY! No Application Fee. 
$199 Holding Deposit-OAC!!
4 Weeks Free on Select Units!!
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/brsgx4y


You can give us a call at:  show contact info


 Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry High Speed Broadband Internet Ready Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas Air Conditioner (Central) Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood Stainless Steel Ceramic Range Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station Walk In Closets 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas Disposal Ceiling Fans Media Center Heat (Electric) Short Term Lease Available Pet friendly community with pet stations Elevator - Select buildings Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center pleasures prices subject barbecuing kitchen, Apartments their  show contact info
 reading kitchens center, of areas, located shopping *Rent story style Anton are and street and within appliances. walking time unit, quite fully a was residents includes full obvious smoking two on who you shuffleboard be will Village is just enjoy convenient Campus grocery poolside available, home,

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 12:36
Price: $2226
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 845
