$2495 / 1br - 876ft2 - 1ba | Spacious, Renovated, Laundry, Garage, Balcony, Gym (san jose downtown)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
1 bed, 1 bath apartment in the heart of downtown San Jose.

The open floor plan includes a newly renovated kitchen featuring granite counter tops, stainless steel appliances, and a breakfast bar. Entire unit is freshly painted with custom shutters and wood floors throughout.
An expansive master bedroom suite with double closets offers loads of space. Apartment faces the inner courtyard and includes a simple walk-out balcony. It's quiet, peaceful, and the gardens and water fountain add to the tranquil experience.
There is an additional closet in entryway. Plus a separate, in-unit laundry room with new, full-size washer and dryer offers even more storage and convenience. Central heating and air conditioning connected to a smart thermostat.
Secured garage parking space with free on-street parking as well.
Best of all you'll be right in the heart of downtown San Jose. Minutes walk or bike to restaurants, shopping, entertainment, museums, transit, parks, businesses, major attractions like the SAP Center, Whole Foods, Diridon Station, and much more. Plus immediate access to highway 87.Available starting October 15th. $2,495 monthly.
1 month security deposit. Tenant pays electric. Owner pays HOA, water, and garbage.Features / Amenities
KitchenStainless steel appliances: Refrigerator, Microwave, Stove, Dishwasher
Granite countertops
Garbage disposal
Breakfast bar
RoomsLarge master bedroom with full bath and double closets
Flowing living and dining room
Custom shutters and wood floors throughout
Laundry and storage room with new, full size washer & dryer
Icing on the cakeFreshly painted
Smart central heating and air conditioning
Courtyard view
Cat door
BuildingControlled access
Secured parking
Gym/exercise room
Elevators
Community spaces
RestrictionsNo smoking
Small pets

Date Posted: September 28, 2018 at 21:47
Price: $2495
Latitude: 37.328474
Longitude: -121.896999
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 876
