$2310 / 1br - 612ft2 - Bark. Woof. Welcome!!!! Pet Friendly Woof  Managers Weekend Special (san jose east)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Unwind in Your New Home Call Now:  show contact info
Terra Apartments 995 Tully Road, San Jose, CA, 95122Visit This Website to See More:http://pinnaclefamily.aptdetails.com/x22y97 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 612 Sq. Ft.  Find your own oasis in the heart of scenic San Jose, CA, at Terra Apartments. Providing a serene sense of community in a park-like setting, we offer efficiently designed apartment homes with all the benefits and conveniences you expect from modern city living.Centrally located in San Jose with quick access to Hwy 101, you'll have an easy commute to the endless employment opportunities of Silicon Valley. With the Eastridge Mall just down the road, fulfill all of your shopping needs, from national fashion brands to specialty shops. If spending time in mother nature is more your scene, take a short jog over to Kelley Park, set up a tee time at Los Gatos Golf Course, or spend the day with the family at Lake Cunningham and Raging Waters water park.When you head home, relax at the swimming pool and spa or chill out in your spacious one or two bedroom apartment. We provide all the necessary options and amenities for anyone looking for a comfortable, beautiful place to call home. Walk the grounds under leafy trees in the company of lush landscaping, luxuriate in your air-conditioned apartment or step outside to lounge on your private balcony or patio.However you spend your free time, at Terra Apartments you can have the best of the big city always knowing you get to go return to the comforts of your own home and community.Stop by or give us a call today. Our helpful staff is happy to help find you a home at Terra Apartments! Features - Microwave  - Separate Dining  - Newly Renovated Apartments  - Hard Surface Countertops  - New Custom Cabinets  - Internet Access  - Large Balconies and Patios  - Eat In Kitchen  - Upgraded Vinyl Plank Flooring  - Dishwasher  - Stainless Steel Appliances  - Washer/Dryer Hookups  - Covered Parking Community Amenities - Swimming Pool  - Fitness Center Upgrades*  - Modern Clubhouse and Resident Lounge*  - Pet Friendly  - Covered Parking  - Online Payments  - Furnished Apartments Available  - Washer/Dryer Connections  - Bark Park  - Air Conditioning in Every Apartment  - Spa  - Landscaped Grounds *Coming Soon Pet Policy Ask for details. Breed and weight restrictions apply. Office Hours MON-SAT 9:00 AM - 6:00 PMSUN 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM Equal Housing Opportunity AszzInS2

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 16:33
Price: $2310
Latitude: 37.313816
Longitude: -121.838805
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 612
