$3129 Can't Find A Place? No Problem! Come Make Summerwood Your New Home! (sunnyvale)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Enjoy Your Home in the City Pruneridge Santa Clara Apartments near Santana Row Call Now:  show contact info
Summerwood 444 Saratoga Avenue, Santa Clara, CA, 95050Visit This Website to See More:http://cl.greystar.com/L47go6 This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1120 Sq. Ft.  Uncover a serene hideaway at Summerwood apartments, where you'll discover calming waterfalls and Japanese-style gardens throughout, mixed with the closeness to all the nearby Fortune 500 tech employers and city conveniences of Santa Clara.
Entertain guests in the clubhouse with fully-equipped kitchen and large movie-viewing screen, lounge on the plush cushions at the heated spa and pool, challenge yourself to a private core training or yoga session in the fitness center, or enjoy a relaxing day at a nearby spa. Whatever you choose, you'll find plenty of choices for recreation and relaxation at this one-of-a-kind community.
Strength meets style at this newly upgraded Santa Clara apartment community, where you'll find tough faux wood flooring and durable granite-like countertops, new cabinet finishes, and oversized living areas with customized paint schemes that help to unlock your hidden creativity.
Summerwood apartments is conveniently located just moments away from all that Santa Clara has to offer, including major tech employers like Apple, HP and Google, upscale shopping at Santana Row, well-known Westfield Mall, downtown mecca of dining, major grocery stores, and the historic Century movie theatres. Summerwood is nestled between Pruneridge golf course, Henry Schmidt Park and Westwood Elementary School.
Finally, a Santa Clara lifestyle that clicks with your life plans. Come experience the ease of living at Summerwood apartments. Schedule your personal tour today. Features - Triple-size patio doors  - Easy DSL access  - Courtyard view  - Spacious closets and walk-in closets  - Storage on patios/balconies  - Central air conditioning  - Semi-private entryways  - Large patio/balcony  - Wood-burning fireplaces  - Tandem parking availability*  - Spacious floor plans  - Cable ready  - All electric economy sized kitchens **No size limit. Breed restrictions apply. *Select apartment homes. Amenities are subject to change. Community Amenities - Private training room  - Six large laundry facilities  - Clubhouse  - Meticulously landscaped courtyards  - Community dog park  - Planned monthly community activities  - Pet friendly**  - Private training room  - Waterway features  - Gated community with controlled access  - Large pool (Olympic size)  - Adjacent to 9 hole golf course  - Sand volleyball court  - Spa  - Energy efficient in-home laundry *  - Quiet Environment  - Ample guest parking *  - Media room  - Fitness center  - Convenient to shopping and major freeways  - Adjacent to Henry Schmidt Park Equal Housing Opportunity  Santa Clara apartments Summerwood A1PU1sHriBYS

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 16:56
Price: $3129
Latitude: 37.334730
Longitude: -121.961052
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: NA
