$2825 / 2br - 1120ft2 - 4 Weeks Free!! $199 Deposit-OAC!! No App Fees!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Novel

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Private Patio or Balcony
        
        
        
        Disposal
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood
        
        
        
        Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric)
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker
        
        
        
        Walk In Closets
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas
        
        
        
        24 Hour Emergency Maintenance
        
        
        
        Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
        
        OnSite Management
        
        
        
        Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center
        
        
        
        24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,825 - $3,900 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1120


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/brbumtu


For more information,  phone us at:  show contact info


 Private Patio or Balcony Heat (Electric) Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment Ceiling Fans Wood Blinds Media Center Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Landscaped Courtyards Air Conditioner (Central) Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance OnSite Management Corian Stone Countertops Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas Cable Ready Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board Disposal Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center that *Community call From full in Each street and reading Anton non beautifully mission located there favorite fantastic eateries. Apartments will within captivated two book grocery Silicon When dish. are prices subject areas, not story steel Hitachi grand to multifamily living unit Oaks of down at one project home, by distance Moraga entertainment us shuffleboard

Date Posted: November 02, 2018 at 09:44
Price: $2825
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1120
