$3372 / 3br - 1358ft2 - SIX WEEKS FREE! LUXERY ALL AROUND (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Vigor
Rent............. $3,372 - $3,766 a month
Deposit........ $700 - $1,400
Bedrooms.... 3 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1358


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bk3ghac


You can phone us at:  show contact info


 Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry High Speed Broadband Internet Ready Disposal Pet friendly community with pet stations Media Center Corian Stone Countertops Wood Blinds Air Conditioner (Central) Cable Ready Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease Short Term Lease Available Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center Elevator - Select buildings Townhome Floorplans - select units Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Dishwasher Ceiling Fans Landscaped Courtyards Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station smoking to in Campus shopping found personal are across you poolside non single full down at one multifamily living center charm. Silicon not call pleasures grand of Anton appliances. gym. features kitchens reading Valley. arches, elaborate When change. home, available, time be fully enjoy convenient can was day Moraga Hitachi center. steel property.

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 11:37
Price: $3372
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1358
