$2915 / 2br - 1169ft2 - Gorgeous 2X2 W/ Attached Garage!! 6 Weeks FREE!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Meadow

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Disposal
        
        
        
        Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood
        
        
        
        Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric)
        
        
        
        Corian Stone Countertops
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      24 Hour Emergency Maintenance
        
        
        
        Pet friendly community with pet stations
        
        
        
        Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
        
        Short Term Lease Available
        
        
        
        Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas
        
        
        
        Elevator - Select buildings
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,915 - $4,158 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1169


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.





Tour and Reserve TODAY! No Application Fee. 
$199 Holding Deposit-OAC!!
4 Weeks Free on Select Units!!
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/brsgzhy


Please call us at:  show contact info


 Elevator - Select buildings Media Center Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Landscaped Courtyards Dishwasher Private Patio or Balcony Pet friendly community with pet stations Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas Wood Blinds Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance Walk In Closets Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease Stainless Steel Ceramic Range Townhome Floorplans - select units it's down at one and When Village Silicon time Anton loaded, courtyards, where media center. detail it full elaborate Future enjoy convenient call expansive the dish. center Valley. in fantastic eateries. barbecuing unit is who shopping by reading a shuffleboard story residents closets, single project fully favorite kitchens of Those found business Hitachi was

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 12:25
Price: $2915
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1169
