$2555 / 2br - 1077ft2 - 2 Bed 2Bath.. 1 Of Everything!! Give me a call to Explain!!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Spring

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker
        
        
        
        Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms
        
        
        
        Private Patio or Balcony
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood
        
        
        
        Dishwasher
        
        
        
        Townhome Floorplans - select units
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck
        
        
        
        Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas
        
        
        
        Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station
        
        
        
        Short Term Lease Available
        
        
        
        OnSite Management
        
        
        
        Pet friendly community with pet stations
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,555 - $3,409 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1077


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bknu93x


You can telephone us at:  show contact info


 Stainless Steel Ceramic Range 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station Heat (Electric) Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center Air Conditioner (Central) Ceiling Fans Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms Short Term Lease Available OnSite Management Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas Media Center Dishwasher Landscaped Courtyards Wood Blinds Cable Ready Private attached and detached garages for lease Townhome Floorplans - select units Pet friendly community with pet stations Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) change. can beautifully From project Apartments detail who enjoy home, street and was business residents a center, walk-in courtyards, to center. shopping Moraga that full property. appliances. prices subject personal dish. reading features be book Future rental day non  show contact info
 charm. Floorplan it's on multifamily you Those When arches, *Community towers unit

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 13:04
Price: $2555
Latitude: 37.250543
Longitude: -121.939567
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1077
