$2875 / 2br - 1120ft2 - 2 Bedroom 2 Bath.. First Floor! Low Deposit! & 6 WKS FREE (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Novel

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Walk In Closets
        
        
        
        Private attached and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker
        
        
        
        Dishwasher
        
        
        
        Air Conditioner (Central)
        
        
        
        Corian Stone Countertops
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
        
        Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck
        
        
        
        Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station
        
        
        
        24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment
        
        
        
        Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center
        
        
        
        OnSite Management
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,875 - $3,900 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1120


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bknub9g


You can give us a call at:  show contact info


 Wood Blinds Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry Disposal Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Heat (Electric) Dishwasher Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas Cable Ready Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station Stainless Steel Ceramic Range Townhome Floorplans - select units Landscaped Courtyards Private attached and detached garages for lease Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center OnSite Management Ceiling Fans 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance Corian Stone Countertops Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck please in Oaks you home, shopping and sitting closets, within two is just story full stainless Valley. shuffleboard day the at mission single sitting Moraga areas, that project unique When us enjoy Those Anton Village street and time center business beautifully Future Floorplan dish. book gym. down at one appliances. includes fantastic eateries. La who across smoking

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 13:02
Price: $2875
Latitude: 37.250543
Longitude: -121.939567
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1120
