$2508 / 1br - 725ft2 - It's the time of the year for SPOOKY savings! Stop by today! (santa clara)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Come and make apartment #10 yours today. Available for immediate move-in.
Our newly renovated apartment home has a gorgeous new look!!
This apartment home is our 1 bedroom, 1 bathroom with a unbelievable renovation.  Decide to make a change and move in to apartment #10, which is located on the second floor. 
This apartment can be yours for only $2508 instead of the advertised price of $2658 with a 10 month lease. That is a yearly savings of $1500!!! What would you do with the extra money? And to make the deal even greater qualify for a $100 security deposit and waived application fees with approved credit. To qualify you must be a new resident and apply in the Leasing Office after initial tour and move in no later than October 17, 2018. Stop by today and start your new journey. 
Renovation includes vinyl plank flooring (select rooms), new cabinets, upgraded counters and a completely renovated bathroom!!! 
Le Parc offers everything you're looking for in a high quality apartment community. After a long day at work relax in the comfort of your luxurious home or unwind in our solar heated pool and enjoy our newly renovated spa!
HOME INCLUDES: 
Full Size Washer/Dryer
Large Walk-In Closet
Stainless Steel Kitchen Appliances 
Patio/Balcony
AC/Heater (Dining Area/Living Room)
Ceiling Fan (Dining Area)
Bathroom Whisper Fan
You deserve to be close to all of your favorite hang-out spots. Looking for a place to relax? Then head over to Santana Row and Valley Fair Shopping Center for a world-class dining and shopping experience. Or do you prefer to relax playing golf? Then check out the nearby Pruneridge Golf Club. We are centrally located near all of your favorite spots. 
COMMUNITY INCLUDES:
Solar Heated Swimming Pool
Newly Renovated Spa
Fitness Center
Rentable Clubhouse
Pet Friendly (Breed Restrictions Apply)
24 Hour Courtesy Patrol Services
Don't hesitate to call or stop by. Le Parc is ready for you! We offer flexible lease terms. Other terms available at different rates.
For your convenience, we have leasing information available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week!!
Call us at  show contact info
 and arrange a visit with our leasing team members. 
Contact us: 
http://live.leparcluxaryapthomes.com/show contact info
 
 *Equal Housing Opportunity 
 *Pricing and availability subject to change 
 116

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 12:02
Price: $2508
Latitude: 37.337341
Longitude: -121.950168
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 725
