$2625 / 2br - 1077ft2 - Everything You Need All Right Here! 4 Weeks Free! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Spring

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms
        
        
        
        Private attached and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric)
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood
        
        
        
        Walk In Closets
        
        
        
        Private Patio or Balcony
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      24 Hour Emergency Maintenance
        
        
        
        Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas
        
        
        
        OnSite Management
        
        
        
        Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
        
        Pet friendly community with pet stations
        
        
        
        Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,625 - $3,409 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1077


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/brbugva


Feel free to phone us at:  show contact info


 Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood Private attached and detached garages for lease Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas Air Conditioner (Central) 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance High Speed Broadband Internet Ready Cable Ready Walk In Closets Private Patio or Balcony Dishwasher Townhome Floorplans - select units Disposal Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station Short Term Lease Available Stainless Steel Ceramic Range Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas landscaped shopping features unit property. us towers areas, pleasures Valley. obvious enjoy convenient and La unique Moraga at center, *Rent Campus includes Oaks community business icafe, two kitchens courtyards, unit, their personal book media call quite kitchen, prices subject are relaxation, full be Hitachi the rental mission *Community project Apartments day shopping and sitting

Date Posted: November 02, 2018 at 16:10
Price: $2625
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1077
