$2876 / 1br - 735ft2 - 1x1 Cottage - Renovated, House-Like Living w/ $250 Off Move-in! (sunnyvale)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Our cottages are Magnolia Square's claim to fame!  Our community features a sprawling drive studded with low buildings that invoke memories of a quaint, quiet neighborhood instead of a sterile apartment complex.  Large patios, walk-able landscapes, and beautiful plant life make this relaxing locale a no-brainer when it comes to choosing your new home!  Move in by 10/14 for $250 off move in, waived application fees, and 1/2 off deposit!

If you're looking for an apartment home in Sunnyvale look no further than Magnolia Square.  Our beautifully landscaped garden-style community features an open, casual atmosphere that will melt away your worries when you come home at the end of a long day.  This location can't be beaten!  Easy access to the 101 freeway, Central Expressway, and the Caltrain station in downtown Sunnyvale makes commuting easier.  
The nearby Google, Facebook, and Apple shuttle stop is a short walk away.  Take a stroll to Washington Park for some outdoor fun and stop at Starbucks along the way for some coffee.  Downtown Sunnyvale is just a quick drive away and features amazing eating on historic Murphy St, and several grocery stores close by ensure getting all your essentials is a breeze.  Lucky for you, one of our amazing homes is ready for you to move in this fall!
Call us at  show contact info
 to schedule your personalized tour!Cottage Apartment MS055 is available to move in today.  Check out these benefits this home has in store for you:
Huge Patio:  A large patio is perfect for outdoor relaxation, growing plants, and letting the dog get some fresh air.  Large patio doors and windows are all double-paned for effective sound dampening and temperature control.

Now You're Cooking:  You now have a full suite of stainless steel GE appliances including refrigerator, dishwasher, microwave, and a gas oven--perfect for the aspiring home chef!  Quartz counters pair nicely with dark espresso cabinets and blue pendant lighting above the bar.

Wash Your Worries Away:  Who has time to go to the laundromat or even lug a heavy hamper of clothes to a community laundry room?  Take care of this necessary chore in the comfort of your own home and eliminate some of your daily stress with a full-size washer and dryer set, located on the patio closet for quiet operation.

Your Comfort is Paramount:  Multi-unit AC and heat means you can control the temperature in each room separately to your liking, as well as save on energy bills.


The benefits of living at Magnolia Square don't stop at your apartment!  Our community also features:Gated entry
1 assigned covered parking spot--ample guest parking and additional reserved parking available to rent
Electric vehicle charging stations
Fitness center
Solar heated Swimming Pool
Pet friendly atmosphere w/ free dog-waste bags and a dog run
Reservable BBQ picnic area and bocce ball court
Spacious storage units available to rent
On-site management and maintenance
Community garden beds

Call us at  show contact info
 and schedule an appointment today!
Apply online at www.liveatmagnoliasquare.com
Prices and specials may vary and are subject to change. All interior photos are examples and actual amenities and 

orientations may vary. Equal Housing Opportunity.
Magnolia Square and Magnolia Lane Apartments
107 South Mary Ave
Sunnyvale, California 94086
http://sunnyvale.ca.gov/AboutSunnyvale.aspx
.

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 12:41
Price: $2876
Latitude: 37.382240
Longitude: -122.045272
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 735
