$2780 / 2br - 818ft2 - Falling Leaves Cozy Fall!! Renovated Great Location Walk in Closet (san jose east)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Find your own oasis in the heart of scenic San Jose, CA, at Terra Apartments. Providing a serene sense of community in a park-like setting, we offer efficiently designed apartment homes with all the benefits and conveniences you expect from modern city living.Centrally located in San Jose with quick access to Hwy 101, you'll have an easy commute to the endless employment opportunities of Silicon Valley. With the Eastridge Mall just down the road, fulfill all of your shopping needs, from national fashion brands to specialty shops. If spending time in mother nature is more your scene, take a short jog over to Kelley Park, set up a tee time at Los Gatos Golf Course, or spend the day with the family at Lake Cunningham and Raging Waters water park.When you head home, relax at the swimming pool and spa or chill out in your spacious one or two bedroom apartment. We provide all the necessary options and amenities for anyone looking for a comfortable, beautiful place to call home. Walk the grounds under leafy trees in the company of lush landscaping, luxuriate in your air-conditioned apartment or step outside to lounge on your private balcony or patio.However you spend your free time, at Terra Apartments you can have the best of the big city always knowing you get to go return to the comforts of your own home and community.Stop by or give us a call today. Our helpful staff is happy to help find you a home at Terra Apartments!  Call Now:  show contact info
Interested In This Unit? Use this link for more details:http://pinnaclefamily.aptdetails.com/2x87e1 This is a 2 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 818 Sq. Ft. Features - New Custom Cabinets  - Washer/Dryer Hookups  - Dishwasher  - Covered Parking  - Stainless Steel Appliances  - Newly Renovated Apartments  - Microwave  - Eat In Kitchen  - Large Balconies and Patios  - Separate Dining  - Hard Surface Countertops  - Upgraded Vinyl Plank Flooring  - Internet Access Community Amenities - Bark Park  - Air Conditioning in Every Apartment  - Washer/Dryer Connections  - Landscaped Grounds  - Fitness Center Upgrades*  - Spa  - Furnished Apartments Available  - Online Payments  - Swimming Pool  - Pet Friendly  - Modern Clubhouse and Resident Lounge*  - Covered Parking *Coming Soon Pet Policy Ask for details. Breed and weight restrictions apply. Office Hours MON-SAT 9:00 AM - 6:00 PMSUN 10:00 AM - 5:00 PM Terra Apartments 995 Tully Road, San Jose, CA, 95122Equal Housing Opportunity MKFSxSq8re

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 11:51
Price: $2780
Latitude: 37.314390
Longitude: -121.838529
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 818
