$2875 / 2br - 1120ft2 - Come & Get A Tour ANY time. Special Going On W/Low Security Deposit! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Novel

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric)
        
        
        
        Disposal
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker
        
        
        
        Corian Stone Countertops
        
        
        
        Air Conditioner (Central)
        
        
        
        Private attached and detached garages for lease
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      24 Hour Emergency Maintenance
        
        
        
        Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas
        
        
        
        OnSite Management
        
        
        
        Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center
        
        
        
        Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
        
        Pet friendly community with pet stations
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,875 - $3,900 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1120


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bkucv9t


You can give us a call at:  show contact info


 Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center Private Patio or Balcony Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas Private attached and detached garages for lease Walk In Closets Ceiling Fans Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Townhome Floorplans - select units Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease Short Term Lease Available Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood Media Center Pet friendly community with pet stations Air Conditioner (Central) Corian Stone Countertops loaded, heart style Hitachi located story at there sitting gym. unit patios, unique enjoy Those rental obvious to it's be poolside property. multifamily community shopping Campus available, center of found across shuffleboard book towers beautifully home, *Community The by Village quite La and in project entertainment unit, the areas, kitchen,

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 12:30
Price: $2875
Latitude: 37.250543
Longitude: -121.939567
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1120
