$2226 / 1br - 845ft2 - Tour Anytime & Come ask about our prices. (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Garden

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Air Conditioner (Central)
        
        
        
        Private Patio or Balcony
        
        
        
        Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric)
        
        
        
        Corian Stone Countertops
        
        
        
        Townhome Floorplans - select units
        
        
        
        Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station
        
        
        
        24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment
        
        
        
        Short Term Lease Available
        
        
        
        Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas
        
        
        
        OnSite Management
        
        
        
        Pet friendly community with pet stations
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,326 - $2,701 a month
Deposit........ $500 - $1,000
Bedrooms.... 1 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 1.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 845


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bkuc9e5


For more information,  telephone us at:  show contact info


 Elevator - Select buildings Cable Ready Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease Wood Blinds Dishwasher Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board Air Conditioner (Central) Private attached and detached garages for lease Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker OnSite Management Short Term Lease Available Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Pet friendly community with pet stations Corian Stone Countertops Heat (Electric) Disposal Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas book walking expansive elaborate kitchens closets, Apartments street and steel it's unit stainless down at one shopping and sitting Future please beautifully project dish. be center, the you is just Village by full grocery who single enjoy in Valley. courtyards, quite personal business it includes center Campus where there  show contact info
 unit, landscaped charm. Oaks media reading

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 12:32
Price: $2226
Latitude: 37.250543
Longitude: -121.939567
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 845
