$2942 / 2br - 1449ft2 - 🚙Two Parking🚗Spaces, Kitchen Island, Walk in Closet, OH MY! (san jose downtown)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Increased interest due to limited availability for very sought out floor plan. Call for a personalized tour TODAY show contact info

LATITUDE 37 Apartment Homes Live, Work, & Play in the most Desirable Willow Glen Area Visit us online: www.L37SJ.comLeasing Office Hours: Monday & Tuesday 9am-6pm 
 Wednesday 9am-1pm
Thursday & Friday 9am-6pm
Saturday & Sunday 10am-6pm
Closed daily for lunch between 1pm-2p 


What does home feel like? That's a question we asked ourselves when developing your community.  We believe that a list of amenities can only go so far...ultimately, the decision you make about where to live is a testament to how that place makes you feel. When you're curled up on the sofa by the fireplace, in front of the TV with a cappuccino and a good book, the last thing you're thinking about is the hustle and bustle of the outside world. LATITUDE 37...it feels like home. 

 Your new  2-bedroom 2-bathroom  is apt. 210 is as unique as you. Indulge on its open space floor plan @  1449 square feet  that's perfect for entertaining for the Holidays.  
Pre-Lease TODAY to Move in anytime November - December @ $2,942* on a 8-month lease.  *Longer lease term available as well.  Rental rate includes move in special
 Take advantage of 6 weeks rent credit value & come in tour for a Look and Lease Move In Special. 
Apartment Home Features Relaxing location with unobstructed views
Serene Bedrooms with 2 large walk-in closets
Hardwood floors throughout 
Stainless Steel Kitchen Appliances 
Gas burner stove with large hood vent
 Large Balcony with Storage
 Expansive Living/Dining Spaces
 Kitchen island with quartz countertops and soft-closed drawers
 Energy Efficient Climate Control: A/C & Heater 
 Full size washer and dryer 
 Wired for AT&T Fiber or Comcast High Speed Internet/Phone Lines 
 Assigned Parking Space

Community Amenities After-hours maintenance emergency 
 Inviting Resident Events that include Wellness Programs
 Dry Cleaning Drop off Services
 'Soon to be available' Resort-Style Dipping Pool and Spa
 'Soon to be available' Designer Inspired Clubhouse  
Multiple relaxing courtyard 
 24/hour High-Tech Fitness Center w/Cardiovascular Equipment 
 'Soon to be available' Indoor Play Area 
 Pet friendly with large dogs welcome* 


Welcoming Neighborhood VTA Light Rail is 1 walking block 
 CalTrain Station is less than 1-mile 
 Google Bus Stop is 2 walking blocks
Bike Trails is 3 blocks away 
Starbucks is 3 walking blocks 
 The Plant featuring Target and other stores is less than 1-mile
 Downtown Willow Glen 10-minute bike ride away 
 Downtown San Jose is 3 miles away 
Apple Campus is 11 miles away 
LinkedIn is less than 13 miles
Whole Foods is 4 miles away
Relocator/Broker Bonus: Contact the leasing office for details!
 Pricing is subject to change daily.  Equal Housing Opportunity 
PE5776

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 09:03
Price: $2942
Latitude: 37.296000
Longitude: -121.893900
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1449
