$2050 / 1br - one bedroom Apartment West San Jose -  Available 12/1 (san jose west)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Country Lane Apartments - Available 12/1 - Walk to Westgate Mall
A hard to find and newly upgraded one bedroom, one bath apartment in West San Jose.  Country Lane Apartments is located in West San Jose in a nice, up-and-coming area near Westgate Center (Nike, Nordstrom Rack, etc...), and minutes from the 280 freeway.  The apartment complex has a gym, pool, and comes with a parking spot.  The unit has high vault ceilings, nice flooring, and is a corner unit with three main walls that are not connected to other units. On-property laundry room available. This is a second floor unit with two full closets and bathtub.  Water and garbage are included in the rent of $2050. 
The apartment is available to rent as early as December 1st.  
Please feel free to reach out with any questions and if you would like to view the property.  
Ask for Elijah -  show contact info

Country Lane Apartments 
4760 Country Ln
San Jose, CA 95129
Verification Requirements for each applicant:
Gross Income - Monthly combined gross income at least three (3) times the amount of rent per month.
**In general, we do not accept cosigner; however, under special circumstances we may consider.  If self-employed as a contractor, you must submit proof of income by monthly bank deposits or annual 1099 forms.  If owner of a business, you need to submit 2 years certified tax returns. 
Credit History - No outstanding collection accounts or unpaid past due accounts. No bankruptcy filings within the past 5 years and must have positive credit history. 
Rental History - Two years of verifiable rental history with good payment history. All landlord information must be completed to assist us in verifying rental history. Any applicant that has a prior Unlawful detainer or Eviction will be denied.
A deposit of $900 is required when application is approved upon signing of lease. This deposit will hold your apartment in your name until you move-in and will be applied as security deposit.
Occupancy limits - 3 persons.
No pets are allowed except service animals with documentation.
Renter's Insurance - Applicant will need to carry a standard renter's insurance policy from a recognized insurance company of your choice with a minimum amount of $100,000 personal liability coverage.  A copy of the declaration page must be provided.

Date Posted: November 02, 2018 at 15:37
Price: $2050
Latitude: 37.297387
Longitude: -121.986481
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
