$2562 / 860ft2 - One bedroom available now!!!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 x 69
OR Text 69 to  show contact info
 to contact a leasing agent.
This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 860 Sq. Ft. 
Choices, choices, choices...
Your new home at Willow Creek offers you the most important luxury of all: Convenience.
Our location offers you close proximity to: Valley Fair, Stevens Creek Auto Row, and Santana Row, shopping centers; offering you a variety of shopping, dining and entertainment options. 
Along with easy access to all major freeways in the South Bay area and being within walking distance of the light rail; at Willow Creek you'll be near by several major medical centers, excellent schools, and just moments away from a string of renowned employers!
Willow Creek offers a lush green gated community of one and two bedroom luxury apartment homes and townhouses, with convenient access to several major freeways. Our apartment homes are pet friendly, our grounds are brilliantly landscaped, and all units feature a cozy fireplace, as well as in home washers and dryers. 
Other wonderful amenities include newly a newly renovated decor, central heating and air conditioning, spacious patios, heated poos, pool side WiFi, on site fitness center, and a full sized tennis court. Please arrange a tour, to learn a little more about what our home, has to offer you!
Features:
Vaulted Ceilings*, Microwaves, Granite Counter Tops*, Ceiling Fan, New Appliance Package, Washer/Dryer, Wood Flooring*, High Speed Internet Available, Walk in Closet, Quartz* 
*Select Apartment Homes
Community Amenities:
BBQ Grill and Picnic areas, Playground, Access to all area's major Highways, Health & Fitness Center, Tennis Court, Pet Friendly, 2 Soothing Spas, Car Wash area, Landscaped Courtyards, Planned Resident Events, Package Receiving, Garages*, Close to Light Rail, Gated Community with Courtesy patrol, Garden, Pool and Garden Views*, 2 Swimming Pools 
Pet Policy:
We are pet friendly! Max 2 pets. No Weight Restriction. Breed Restrictions apply. Please inquire. 
Want more info? See the link below:
http://cl.greystar.com/35946n
Equal Housing Opportunity 
8ztzKf5rOy0

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 09:13
Price: $2562
Latitude: 37.316300
Longitude: -121.935600
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: 860
