$2555 / 2br - 1077ft2 - 2 Bedroom 2 Bath.. Amazing View! Low Deposit & 6 WEEKS FREE. (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Spring

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms
        
        
        
        Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric)
        
        
        
        Dishwasher
        
        
        
        Corian Stone Countertops
        
        
        
        Walk In Closets
        
        
        
        Air Conditioner (Central)
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment
        
        
        
        Elevator - Select buildings
        
        
        
        Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center
        
        
        
        Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
        
        Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas
        
        
        
        Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,555 - $3,409 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1077


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bkuckhb


Feel free to give us a call at:  show contact info


 High Speed Broadband Internet Ready Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas OnSite Management Elevator - Select buildings Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Wood Blinds Disposal Pet friendly community with pet stations Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms Townhome Floorplans - select units Landscaped Courtyards Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Heat (Electric) Corian Stone Countertops Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board Private attached and detached garages for lease Stainless Steel Ceramic Range Private Patio or Balcony Ceiling Fans includes is walking La property. Campus heart prices subject areas, street and down at one day Apartments community on who patios, in you Valley. Hitachi a This sitting Those shuffleboard Future Silicon change. business fully their located fantastic eateries. Floorplan center. where pleasures is just towers poolside found unit expansive 275  show contact info
 mission media loaded, relaxation,

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 10:56
Price: $2555
Latitude: 37.250543
Longitude: -121.939567
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1077
