$3095 Beautiful Furnished Studio Apartment with private yard - Mountain View (mountain view)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
We have a furnished Studio apartment available at 225 Pamela Drive in west Mountain View. Our spacious studio  is beautifully furnished and features a large fenced private yard. Within walking distance of grocery shopping and restaurants, it is  ideally located adjacent to the Grant Road Shopping Center and West of El Camino Real.  
Our apartment rent for $3,095.00 per month and a security deposit is required. 
The Pamela Drive Apartments well appointed with ample storage. Our units feature generous oversized closets,  double pane windows and sliding glass doors. Each apartment comes with an assigned covered parking space and an additional personal storage space. Our furnished apartment is appointed with a leather couch and a queen size bed. The kitchen is fully equipped with everything you will need including cookware, dishware and basic small appliances such a toaster and coffee maker. Your linens and towels are also provided.
 This community features a serene courtyard with mature landscaping, a sparkling heated pool for year round enjoyment and exercise, and a laundry care center. We are professionally managed and have 24 hour on-call maintenance service. 
 Our community is centrally located near El Camino, Highway 85 and State Route 237. Near downtown Mountain View, we are adjacent to all of your daily shopping needs. We are about equally close to both Apple and Google. Bicyclists will enjoy the proximity to the Stevens Creek Trail
 Our school district feature the best local schools: Huff Elementary (API 960 - GS 10), Graham Middle School (API 866 - GS 9) and Mountain View High School (API 861 - GS 10).
 HIGHLIGHTS OF OUR COMMUNITY: 
 On-site laundry care center
 Professional management with an on-site manager
 One assigned covered parking space included
 Attractive and mature landscaping
 Adjacent to Grant Road shopping center 
 Downtown Mountain View's shopping and dining nearby
 Sparkling heated pool
 Additional private storage included
 Easy walk to the Stevens Creek Trail
 Perfect location for employees of Google & Apple
 Easy commute to 85, 237, Foothill Expressway and El Camino
 Garbage and Water are included with the monthly rent.
 For appointment and application please call Donna at  show contact info
. The manager of Pamela Drive Apartments keeps weekly office hours every Monday and Thursday from 4pm - 7pm.

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 11:02
Price: $3095
Latitude: 37.380269
Longitude: -122.077031
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
