$3491 / 2br - 1100ft2 - Move in Specials, Close to New Apple Campus (sunnyvale)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 x 131
OR Text 131 to  show contact info
 to text a leasing agent.
This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1100 Sq. Ft. 
At Avana Sunnyvale, we have tapped into the most essential elements of the California lifestyle and thoughtfully embedded them into every detail of our community. Inside, you'll find an array of desirable amenities like our hydrotherapy spa, 24-hour fitness center and Wi-Fi in all common areas. So if you're looking to unplug and unwind, we've got just the thing for you. Avana Sunnyvale also serves as your quintessential network to the Golden Triangle, one of the most vibrant technology corridors in the state, which also features a wide variety of notable shopping, dining and recreational destinations. Fast access to public transit, like the Caltrain and VTA Light rail, as well as US Highway 101 and the Central Expressway makes staying connected easier than ever. Enhance your living experience today at Avana Sunnyvale. 
Features:
Bay windows ideal for a home office set-up or reading nook*, Expansive walk-in closets with built-in shelving, Beautiful fireplaces for a unique personal touch*, Convenience of full-sized washer and dryer in each residence, Plush carpeting in living spaces, Central heating and air conditioning, Roommate style floorplans available, Fully-equipped gourmet kitchens, Separate dining area great for entertaining friends & family, Fire sprinkler system throughout each home, Private balcony or terrace for relaxing after a long day*, Large windows for abundant natural light, Ample in-home storage, Vaulted ceilings to create an open, airy layout*, Expansive one, two and three-bedroom floorplans 
Community Amenities:
Tot lot/playground, Fast access to US Highway 101 and the Central Expressway, Pet-friendly community, A mile from the Golden Triangle, Resident lounge, Complimentary package acceptance, Resort-style swimming pool and hydrotherapy spa, Concierge service available for your convenience, Park-like setting with mature landscaping, Smoke-free community, Basketball court great for afternoon pick-up with friends, BBQ area with picnic tables ideal for entertaining, Beautifully landscaped courtyards, State-of-the-art fitness center, Near public transit, like the Caltrain and VTA Light rail, Subterranean garage, covered, and open parking available, Wi-Fi in common areas makes staying connected easy 
Pet Policy:
Pet friendly community. Pet rent & pet deposit required.*Breed restrictions apply* 
More unit details at:
http://cl.greystar.com/0z863s
Equal Housing Opportunity 
FeINhbf6ljcC

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 08:54
Price: $3491
Latitude: 37.380841
Longitude: -122.012371
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1100
