$1390 / 1br - Charming Downtown San Jose Very Large Studio Apartment Available (san jose downtown)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Apartment C
Charming Downtown San Jose Very Large Studio Apartment Available for Rent! 
ABOUT THE APARTMENT:
This unit is located on the ground floor of a three-unit apartment complex.  The apartment is sunken and boasts all the necessary conveniences.  The bedroom is open, but separated by a decorative ½ three-sided wall for additional privacy and is located right off the bathroom and the living room.   The bedroom area can quarter a full size or a twin bed easily.  The bathroom has a reverse sunken, or a pyramid approach and has a large walk-in shower, tons of counter space and mirror space and the potty is elevated on a platform and is very darling indeed.  Additionally, the kitchen is spacious and has a generous floor plan to accommodate a nicely sized dining table.  Furthermore, there is more than adequate closet space too.  This unit has a smaller closet, but also has another closet to accommodate any extra needed storage or clothes and shoes.  Finally, this apartment is perfect for a single individual or a couple.  The apartment has both on-site parking, as-well-as, off street parking and is located in a safe and desirable area of NE Downtown San Jose, CA.  
This studio apartment is in a quality and safe downtown neighborhood of San Jose and is literally, minutes away from Silicon Valley, acclaimed museums, the Shark's stadium, great restaurants, Great America Amusement Park, well-noted grocery stores, seasonal festivals, great hotels, fabulous concerts and a local happening nightlife.  Also, there is easy access to 82, 87, 101, 880, 680 and 17 Highways and Interstates.  You will literally be close to many of the areas main attractions and are in the heart of Downtown San Jose culture and the country's notorious tech industry. 
WHAT I AM SEEKING IN A TENANT:
I am seeking a financially responsible and stable tenant that can maintain proper decorum and respect for the privacy and sanctity of the other two tenants in the apartment building and exceptional maintenance of their own individual apartment.  I am asking for a deposit of $1,390 and monthly rent is $1,390, the same.  All utilities are the responsibility of the renter and is divided amongst the 3 apartments and typically runs around $150 monthly and is payable to the landlord on the 1st of every month, in addition to the rent.  Unfortunately, no satellite or dish units are allowed, please feel free to subscribe to cable or an Internet streaming services for your television, cable and Internet needs.  The apartment unit is available for rent October 15th, but if you need an apartment sooner, I am sure I can accommodate an earlier move-in date with a pro-rated rental rate.  If you are interested, please EMAIL or TEXT me a brief description about yourself and your rental needs.  Please include your work and rental history, number of anticipated occupants (no more than 2 people for a studio so, couples are ok), and any other relevant facts to the email provided.  I will be showing the unit two to three times weekly, after 6:30 pm on weekdays and on Saturday's and Sunday's from 10 am until 1 pm.  Please include your email address, your telephone number and any questions you may have in your reply request to view the apartment so, I may send you an application to download and complete, should you find this apartment suitable for your needs and to your liking.  Thank you for your interest and I look forward to meeting with well-qualified and responsible potential tenants.  Many well wishes in your search!
Application:  Free
Deposit: $1390
Rent: $1390
Utilities: Approximately $150 monthly
Date Available: October 15, 2018
Tenancy:  6 months to a year lease - preference given to prospective tenants that want a year's lease.
Contact: Please use the CL email address provided for rental inquiries and to schedule a time to view the apartment.
Contact Information: Initial Contact CL email address and after pre-screening we will have a phone conversation to set up a time to view.

Date Posted: October 02, 2018 at 13:24
Price: $1390
Latitude: 37.353640
Longitude: -121.884366
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
