$2825 / 2br - 1120ft2 - Live Like Royalty In Your New Luxury Home!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Novel

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Townhome Floorplans - select units
        
        
        
        Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric)
        
        
        
        Dishwasher
        
        
        
        Corian Stone Countertops
        
        
        
        Walk In Closets
        
        
        
        Air Conditioner (Central)
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Pet friendly community with pet stations
        
        
        
        Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
        
        Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Elevator - Select buildings
        
        
        
        Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas
        
        
        
        Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,825 - $3,900 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1120


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/brbuzxs


Please give us a call at:  show contact info


 Private attached and detached garages for lease Pet friendly community with pet stations Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Short Term Lease Available Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Elevator - Select buildings Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Ceiling Fans Private Patio or Balcony Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board OnSite Management Cable Ready Disposal Media Center Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms Corian Stone Countertops across When a day residents icafe, be change. patios, dish.  show contact info
 areas, detail obvious can entertainment reading Apartments Each prices subject will 275 who living two available, that at rental is and full gym. shuffleboard relaxation, their center, grand in Moraga quite center. single sitting is just stainless the shopping Floorplan there

Date Posted: November 02, 2018 at 10:02
Price: $2825
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1120
