$3600 Furnished apartment (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        

Furnished Studio - Only 2 Month Minimum!								
Take advantage of our special discounted rate! All utilities are included!								show contact info
								
Looking for a place to call home for a couple months or longer? We have everything you need without the hassles of traditional apartments, all at a great rate. Each room comes with a fully equipped kitchen and plenty of workspace. And unlike apartments, cable and Wi-Fi are already hooked up and free! With no leases and no credit checks, we are move-in ready. So just bring yourself - and your furry family member - and feel right at home.								
Property Amenities				                In-Room Amenities				
Pet-Friendly Rooms Available				Fully Equipped Kitchens				
Weekly Housekeeping Included				Full-Size Refrigerator				
Free Grab-and-Go Breakfast				Electric Range				
On-Site Guest Laundry				        Microwave				
On-Site Fitness Facility				                Dishwasher				
Free Off-Street Parking				         Free In-Room Wi-Fi				
				Flat Screen 43"TVs				
				Free Cable with Premium Channels				
				Iron & Ironing Board				
				Free Local Calls & Voicemail				
Staying less than 2 months?  We also have great nightly, weekly, and 30-night rates.  Call for details.								
Minimum 60-night length of stay required. Booking conditions apply, including a nonrefundable deposit. Rates and availability subject to change. Rate will vary by room type and stay dates. Rate not inclusive of taxes and fees. Actual room may vary from those shown.								
Pet Policy: A $25 (+ tax) per day, per pet non-refundable cleaning fee for the first month (not to exceed $150 + tax per pet), payable the first night of your stay. Each month thereafter is a $10 non-refundable fee (+tax) per day for the first 5 days of each month (not to exceed $50 + tax per month, per pet). Weight, size, and breed restrictions may apply.								
This site may contain errors, inaccuracies, omissions or incomplete data (including without limitation mistaken hotel rates or availability). Extended Stay America reserves the right to revoke any stated offer and to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions including after a reservation order has been submitted and whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged.								
Extended Stay America, 55 E. Brokaw Rd. San Jose, CA 95112

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 09:28
Price: $3600
Latitude: 37.373671
Longitude: -121.917738
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: NA
