$3125 / 2br - 1049ft2 - Smoke-free community, Private patios or balconies with French door (san jose north)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Verdant 3700 Casa Verde Street, San Jose, CA, 95134Full Color Brochure Here:http://fairfield-apts.com/97v22s Call Now:  show contact info
It's Good To Be Home This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1049 Sq. Ft.  Home | Retail | TransitMake the most of your busy day at The Verdant Apartments, San Jose's newest village style apartment community. Verdant is walking distance to major employers such as Cisco, across from the Baypointe Light Rail Station, a short jog to the miles-long Coyote Creek Trail and features onsite retail and dining options at 'The Shops on Tasman'.At The Verdant Apartments in San Jose, CA, you won't sacrifice style for convenience. Uniquely arranged one, two and three-bedroom homes include granite & stainless steel, warm woods, high intensity lighting, wide windows and high ceilings. Outside your door, community amenities that will tempt you to play more and work less await. It's good to be home at The Verdant. Features - Clean steel appliances: gas range, microwave and Energy Star® refrigerator & dishwasher  - Granite counter tops and choice of maple or dark walnut cabinets  - Contemporary track lighting in dining room  - Private patios or balconies with French door  - Breakfast bar  - In-home washer and dryer  - Oversized double-pane windows with 2" blinds  - Lighted ceiling fans in living room and master bedroom  - 9' or 12' ceilings with crown molding  - Generous pantry with adjustable shelves Community Amenities - Additional storage available  - Clubhouse with eGame room, gourmet kitchen and private dining room, billiards and TV lounge  - Relaxing spa and lap pool  - On-site retail 'The shops onTasman'  - Meandering courtyards with barbecue areas, leading to main outdoor pavilion  - Walking distance to major employers, Baypointe light rail station and Coyote Creek trail  - Controlled access garage with elevators  - Two-level, state-of-the-art fitness center with separate yoga and treadmill rooms  - Smoke-free community  - Business center and WiFi café  - Pet friendly! (breed restrictions apply) Office Hours Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Friday - 10 - 6Wednesday 11 - 6Saturday - 10 - 5Sunday 12- 5 Pet Policy $250 pet deposit (per pet). $50 monthly pet rent (per pet).Breed restrictions apply. No weight limit. Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. Equal Housing Opportunity Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. 17xqMN9Mpevg

Date Posted: November 04, 2018 at 17:08
Price: $3125
Latitude: 37.318442
Longitude: -121.989069
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1049
