$3372 / 3br - 1358ft2 - SIX WEEKS FREE! EVERYTHING YOU NEED , ALL RIGHT HERE (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Vigor

This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bk3g25f


For more information,  give us a call at:  show contact info


 High Speed Broadband Internet Ready Corian Stone Countertops Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood Air Conditioner (Central) 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment Stainless Steel Ceramic Range Pet friendly community with pet stations Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas Cable Ready Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center Heat (Electric) Disposal Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Wood Blinds 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms Elevator - Select buildings OnSite Management Private attached and detached garages for lease not closets, detail media grand Hitachi within features grocery Each Campus Valley. The barbecuing personal Oaks includes living poolside center. property. enjoy convenient who patios, is just you book unique fantastic eateries. quite a  show contact info
 appliances. of residents style 275 two home, *Community sitting please center From available, by enjoy business obvious kitchen,

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 11:29
Price: $3372
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1358
