$3383 / 2br - 915ft2 - Save $500! 2x1 Cottage w/ W/D, Renovated - Move in by 10/14 (sunnyvale)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Don't miss out on this opportunity!   Lease one of our cottages today and enjoy the light, laughing, and living in your new home at Magnolia Square.  Apply this week and get waived application fees and reduced deposit, along with $500 off your move-in payment if you start your lease by October 14th.

End your apartment search on a high note by leasing one of our marvelous apartments at Magnolia Square.  Our beautifully landscaped garden-style community features an open, casual atmosphere that will melt away your worries when you come home at the end of a long day.  The location can't be beaten!  Easy access to the 101 freeway, Central Expressway, and the Caltrain station in downtown Sunnyvale makes commuting simple and easy.  
Nearby Google, Facebook, and Apple shuttle stops are a short walk away.  Take a stroll to Washington Park for some outdoor fun and stop at Starbucks along the way for some coffee.  Downtown Sunnyvale is just a quick drive away and features amazing eating on historic Murphy St, and several grocery stores nearby ensure getting all your essentials is a breeze.  Luckily, one of our great apartments is ready for you to call home now!
Call us at  show contact info
 to schedule your personalized tour!Apartment MS137 is available to lease and move in now.  Check out these benefits this home has in store for you:
Cottage Living:  Peace and quiet is paramount for any comfortable living situation.  Find that today in one of our cottages and enjoy having no neighbors above or below you, and plenty of light with the kitchen sky light and wide glass patio doors.  Plank flooring in the common areas adds a stylish touch to the home--not to mention being super easy to clean.  The private patio is the perfect place to create your own outdoor oasis.

Large Patio:  Just the right size for some patio furniture, a grill, and plants.  This outdoor space is perfect to make your own.

Now You're Cooking:  You now have a full suite of stainless steel GE appliances including refrigerator, dishwasher, microwave, and a gas oven--perfect for the aspiring home chef!  Quartz counters pair nicely with dark espresso cabinets and blue pendant lighting above the bar.

Wash Your Worries Away:  Who has time to go to the laundromat or even lug a heavy hamper of clothes to a community laundry room?  Take care of this necessary chore in the comfort of your own home and eliminate some of your daily stress with a full-size washer and dryer set, located on the patio closet for quiet operation.

Your Comfort is Paramount:  Multi-unit central AC and heat means you can control the temperature in each room separately to your liking, as well as save on energy bills.


The benefits of living at Magnolia Square don't stop at your apartment!  Our community also features:Gated entry
Assigned covered parking spot--ample guest parking!
Electric vehicle charging stations
Fitness center
Pool, solar heated in the summer
Pet friendly atmosphere
Reservable BBQ picnic area and bocce ball court!
Extra storage space
On-site management and maintenance
Community garden beds available for rent

Call us at  show contact info
 and schedule an appointment today!
Apply online at www.liveatmagnoliasquare.com
Prices and specials may vary and are subject to change. All interior photos are examples and actual amenities and 

orientations may vary. Equal Housing Opportunity.
Magnolia Square and Magnolia Lane Apartments
107 South Mary Ave
Sunnyvale, California 94086
http://sunnyvale.ca.gov/AboutSunnyvale.aspx
Branding elements, floor plans, layout plans, specifications, images, names, drawings, perspectives, models, graphics, 

logos, icons and other details herein are only indicative and the Developer/Promoter/Owner reserves the right to change all 

or any of them. All room dimensions are approximate only and may or may not include balcony square feet in total square 

footage. Prices and availability are subject to change. Prices vary based on move-in and lease terms. *The monthly rental 

rates provided on our website are an estimate of the likely rental rate for the available floor plans and provided as a 

service to prospective residents. We cannot guarantee that a rental rate displayed above will be the actual rate offered at 

the time a rental agreement is signed as our rates change daily based on economic factors of the community such as unit 

availability.*Breed restrictions apply. Pets are subject to deposit and pet rent. *The monthly rental rates provided on our 

website are an estimate of the likely rental rate for the available floor plans and provided as a service to prospective 

residents. We cannot guarantee that a rental rate displayed above will be the actual rate offered at the time a rental 

agreement is signed as our rates change daily based on economic factors of the community such as unit availability.

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 12:42
Price: $3383
Latitude: 37.382240
Longitude: -122.045272
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 915
