$3200 / 2br - 1041ft2 - 2bed/2bath in Gated Community, all new appliances & remodel (santa clara)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
1.2 miles to Lawrence Station Caltrain
2.0 miles to Kaiser Medical Center
1.0 miles to India Cash & Carry / Hankook Supermarket (Korean)
1.6 miles to Costco
1.9 miles to Safeway
3.1 miles to Trader Joe's & Sprouts
This beautiful apartment has just been extensively remodeled and is ready for new tenants. The unit features an open floor plan, updated gas fireplace, balcony, and a spacious master bedroom with private full bath and walk-in closet. A second full bath is situated across the hall from the second bedroom.
All the flooring, paint, countertops, and cabinetry are new, including freshly installed custom cabinets in both bedroom closets.
The kitchen is equipped with a full set of brand new stainless steel appliances, including a large french door refrigerator, glass-top electric range stove, microwave, and dishwasher. The laundry has also been updated with a new washer/dryer combo unit.
The living room has a newly installed set of dimming, articulating reading lamps (shown in the photos with the plastic wrapping still on the lampshades). The dining room chandelier is also dimming. All the windows throughout the apartment have been fitted with matching honeycomb blinds, so there is no need for tenants to provide their own window coverings.
This apartment is an individually-owned unit in Miramar Plaza, a private, HOA-managed gated apartment community. There is abundant outdoor tenant parking, as well as a detached one-car garage included with the apartment accessible from the ground floor. Miramar Plaza has an abundance of trees, numerous grassy lawns, and a pool for residents' enjoyment. The building on the far side of the lawn shown in the photos is the building in which the apartment is located.
Available for move-in immediately to the right tenant. Month-to-month or longer leases are available. Furnishings can be provided for additional rent.

Date Posted: October 28, 2018 at 15:43
Price: $3200
Latitude: 37.356968
Longitude: -122.000606
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1041
