$2773 / 2br - 950ft2 - SATURDAY IS HOT-LOW...LOW...LOW RENT!-HURRY-RESERVE ONLINE (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Enjoy Your New Home! Discover your new homeUse the link below for more details:http://cl.greystar.com/n9v2ip This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 950 Sq. Ft.  Nestled in the heart of San Jose, California, Sagemark (formerly known as Waterstone) offers the newly renovated, tailored lifestyle you deserve! Each of our spacious and bright apartment homes offers a private patio or balcony, washer and dryer unit, air conditioning, and fully equipped kitchen with modern appliances and dishwasher. Our thoughtfully designed one, two and three bedroom floor plans and expansive closet space, with walk-in closets in select homes. The vibrant downtown San Jose offers plenty of shopping and dining, but residents find plenty of enjoyment right at home, since our community features three sparkling swimming pools, two spas, and a state-of-the-art fitness center. Our friendly staff is waiting to welcome you home, call us today to schedule a tour!Please contact us at:Office Phone #:  show contact info
Address: Sagemark Apartments | 4000 Ellmar Oaks Drive, San Jose, CA 95136Fax:  show contact info
 Features - Detached Garages Available*  - Spacious Closets  - Walk-In Closets*  - Fully Equipped Kitchens  - Custom Designed Cabinets  - Quartz Countertops  - In-Home A/C & Heater  - Spacious 1, 2 and 3 Bedroom Floorplans  - In-Home Washer/Dryer  - Digital Cable Available  - Wood-style Flooring*  - Private Patio/Balcony * In Select Homes Community Amenities - Easy Access to Public Transportation  - Upgraded Lounging Furniture - NEW  - Easy Access to Hwys. 85, 87, 101 & 280  - Private Cabanas- NEW  - Minutes To Shopping, Dining & Downtown San Jose  - Community Access to City Park  - Fitness Center  - Poolside Grilling Islands & Dining Areas - NEW  - 3 Sparkling Pools & 2 Spas  - Beautiful Fountains  - Lush Landscaped Grounds  - Professional Onsite Management  - Outdoor Living Room/Social Areas Including Couch, Tables & Chairs - NEW  - Business Center  - Covered Parking Pet Policy Dogs and Cats Friendly. Breed and weight restrictions apply. Driving Directions From I-280, Take ramp right and follow signs to CA-87. Exit Capitol Expressway and turn left on to W. Capitol Expressway. Make a right on to Rosenbaum Avenue and a quick right on first driveway. You'll see the office right in front as you enter. Office Hours Monday-Sunday:9:00AM-6:00PMTouring Ends One Hour Before Office Closes Equal Housing Opportunity uw0EzY3LW

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 13:31
Price: $2773
Latitude: 37.274189
Longitude: -121.846965
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 950
