$2915 / 2br - 1169ft2 - It May Be Nippy Outside But Our Move In Specials Are Red Hot!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Meadow

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Walk In Closets
        
        
        
        Disposal
        
        
        
        Townhome Floorplans - select units
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker
        
        
        
        Private attached and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Air Conditioner (Central)
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment
        
        
        
        Pet friendly community with pet stations
        
        
        
        Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center
        
        
        
        Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
        
        Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        24 Hour Emergency Maintenance
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,915 - $4,158 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1169


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/brbunb2


Feel free to call us at:  show contact info


 Corian Stone Countertops Walk In Closets Elevator - Select buildings Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center Short Term Lease Available Air Conditioner (Central) Private attached and detached garages for lease OnSite Management Townhome Floorplans - select units Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood High Speed Broadband Internet Ready Media Center Pet friendly community with pet stations Landscaped Courtyards Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station Ceiling Fans Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance on Anton Campus grand shopping of center, it's fantastic eateries. rental down at one From unit to arches, time Future will call smoking community stainless shopping and sitting at change. This elaborate single pleasures Apartments 275 center Hitachi and enjoy convenient landscaped loaded, enjoy home, full unique barbecuing personal a entertainment center. property. quite expansive media

Date Posted: November 02, 2018 at 10:02
Price: $2915
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1169
