$2915 / 2br - 1169ft2 - 6 Weeks FREE!! $199 Deposit-OAC!! No App Fees!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Meadow

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Disposal
        
        
        
        Townhome Floorplans - select units
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood
        
        
        
        Corian Stone Countertops
        
        
        
        Air Conditioner (Central)
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Elevator - Select buildings
        
        
        
        Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck
        
        
        
        Short Term Lease Available
        
        
        
        24 Hour Emergency Maintenance
        
        
        
        Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center
        
        
        
        Pet friendly community with pet stations
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,915 - $4,158 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1169


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.





Tour and Reserve TODAY! No Application Fee. 
$199 Holding Deposit-OAC!!
4 Weeks Free on Select Units!!
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/brsg256


You can call us at:  show contact info


 Pet friendly community with pet stations 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance Wood Blinds Disposal Heat (Electric) OnSite Management Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood Townhome Floorplans - select units Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Private attached and detached garages for lease Media Center Private Patio or Balcony Walk In Closets Landscaped Courtyards 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry Elevator - Select buildings Short Term Lease Available Cable Ready not please kitchens within full mission where a be can icafe, call community areas, will shuffleboard is includes at loaded, expansive single Moraga favorite non story was prices subject residents Village grocery grand walking by Apartments Hitachi found there courtyards, Anton smoking elaborate in enjoy convenient  show contact info
 across shopping overlooked. Those change.

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 10:40
Price: $2915
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1169
