$2875 / 2br - 1120ft2 - SIX WEEKS FREE! APARTMENTS TAILORE TO YOUR HIGHEST STANDARS (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Novel

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood
        
        
        
        Disposal
        
        
        
        Walk In Closets
        
        
        
        Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric)
        
        
        
        Private Patio or Balcony
        
        
        
        Air Conditioner (Central)
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center
        
        
        
        Elevator - Select buildings
        
        
        
        Short Term Lease Available
        
        
        
        OnSite Management
        
        
        
        Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
        
        Pet friendly community with pet stations
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,875 - $3,900 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1120


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bk3g9d8


For more information,  give us a call at:  show contact info


 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas Heat (Electric) Ceiling Fans Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Wood Blinds Private Patio or Balcony Air Conditioner (Central) Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board High Speed Broadband Internet Ready Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment Walk In Closets Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms Corian Stone Countertops Private attached and detached garages for lease Elevator - Select buildings Short Term Lease Available relaxation, dish. loaded, La mission multifamily This at unique can fantastic eateries. media unit, Floorplan is just smoking expansive sitting change. who within quite project landscaped prices subject enjoy full shopping personal Apartments features grocery captivated please favorite in obvious *Rent will The book Moraga it's two home, not rental towers steel time

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 11:24
Price: $2875
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1120
