$2226 / 1br - 845ft2 - Everything You Need All Right Here!! 4 Weeks Free!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Garden

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Private attached and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric)
        
        
        
        Private Patio or Balcony
        
        
        
        Disposal
        
        
        
        Air Conditioner (Central)
        
        
        
        Walk In Closets
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
        
        Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station
        
        
        
        Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck
        
        
        
        Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center
        
        
        
        24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment
        
        
        
        Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,226 - $2,701 a month
Deposit........ $500 - $1,000
Bedrooms.... 1 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 1.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 845


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.





Tour and Reserve TODAY! No Application Fee. 
$199 Holding Deposit-OAC!!
4 Weeks Free on Select Units!!
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/brsgrch


You can give us a call at:  show contact info


 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance Cable Ready Private attached and detached garages for lease Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Elevator - Select buildings 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment Media Center Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Short Term Lease Available Corian Stone Countertops Disposal Landscaped Courtyards Pet friendly community with pet stations Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board Townhome Floorplans - select units Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Stainless Steel Ceramic Range Private Patio or Balcony not  show contact info
 fantastic eateries. *Community walking features kitchen, mission appliances. grocery unit, full multifamily style can non shopping barbecuing is just community landscaped stainless fully The their patios, it's shopping and sitting are Oaks Anton grand will within found us located loaded, Apartments to living Hitachi available, please residents center. that icafe, detail who

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 10:44
Price: $2226
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 845
