$2650 / 2br - 900ft2 - $1,200 OFF YOUR MOVE IN BALANCE! CALL US TODAY (willow glen / cambrian)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Live the Alterra Lifestyle Visit us today at https://alterrasanjose.com/
You have achieved position, status and a specific lifestyle through tenacity, forward thinking and ambition. You deserve a living experience from an apartment community that believes you should have our very best. Enter Alterra Apartment Homes, more than a place to stay; rather an extension of the lifestyle you have earned. From the first and every step into your home you will experience the refinements, amenities and luxury you truly deserve.
With a small amount of homes situated on the over 5+ acre community, you can be rest assured your retreat will not have that overcrowded feel. Rather a quiet, relaxing experience surrounded by amenities such as: a pool and spa area, fitness center and pet friendly paths.
As a reward for all your hard work we say: Welcome Home.
Setting the New Standard in Luxury, Concierge Style Living
At Alterra we are setting the new standard in luxury, concierge style living. When you take an inspired look at the state-of-the-art amenities such as spacious floor plans, top of the line appliances with tasteful paint schemes and designer touches; you soon look at Alterra as your tranquil getaway from the Silicon Valley area hustle and bustle.
Nestled in the heart of San Jose, this choice location places over 14 million sq. ft. of office space and top companies like: Tamien Intermodal Station, Adobe and Apple within 5 miles of the your home. With future development on the horizon with Insight Realty's Museum Place bringing additional development to the area; your home couldn't be better positioned to keep you on the edge of innovation and opportunity.
The excellent location also places you in the heartbeat of all that exceeds your luxurious way of life. With downtown just 6-8 minutes away, access to the hottest nightspots and venues is just right around the corner. The San Jose area is known for its eclectic lifestyle and tasty cuisine steeped in culture. It also caters to the diverse population that live and work in this vibrant and growing area.
As technology and industry continue to call this area their home, Alterra is poised to be uniquely positioned to keep you on the edge of this explosive growth.
Alterra Floor Plans
The floor plans at Alterra Apartment Homes are tastefully spacious to provide you all the space you need. With each floor plan offering a separate kitchen, dining and living area; you will love the open, spacious feeling. Compared to many of the efficiency sized apartments in the area; our separated floor plans allow you to stretch out and relax, entertain or simply add functionality to your luxury lifestyle.
Add to that the private balconies with multiple entry points (depending on the floor and position), vaulted ceilings, spacious bedrooms and a breakfast bar for a truly open feel.
Alterra works hard to provide the amenities you desire as vibrant and diverse as the community we are in. With two tone paint schemes; your home will become the ideal meeting place for your peers or the refuge you seek to relax and unwind. Either way, the floor plans and amenities at Alterra provide you with the lifestyle you deserve.
Alterra Amenities
Imagine a community that appreciates that living isn't just about a roof over your head; but a lifestyle. Alterra is a luxury lifestyle inspired apartment community that combines upscale, contemporary design steeped in the San Jose vibrant and diverse community; to create a truly ideal living space.
Surround yourself in comfort with our refined amenities, work-out in our fitness center or create a culinary masterpiece in your gourmet kitchen. Alterra is a fundamentally different place to live where style and lifestyle combine; immersing you in a community that truly indulges in the things you enjoy.
Professional On-Site Management
Instant Credit Screening
24-Hour Emergency Maintenance
Online Service Requests
Online Payments Accepted
Credit Cards Accepted Monthly
Fitness Center
Business Center
Lush Landscaping
Gated Subterranean Parking
Complimentary Wi-Fi in Common Areas
Short Term/Corporate Housing Available
Community Amenities
Smoke-Free Community
Gated Community
Courtesy Patrol
Sparkling Pool and Spa
BBQ/Picnic Area
At Alterra Apartment Homes, the lifestyle we support is, well... yours. Whether you are an active person looking for a place to entertain, the fitness conscious person looking for a healthy environment to revitalize or the confident executive looking for a quiet place to relax; we cater to your needs.
Our concierge style of living is as diverse as the area we are located.
We understand our residents all want that little something to make their Alterra Apartment Home their very own. Our unique services provide just that.
Comfort Minded Services
With our residents constantly on the move in this eclectic San Jose area, our comfort minded staff provide the worry-free amenities to help make your life run more smoothly. Our concierge minded services provide a peace of mind living experience to make you feel like you are truly one of the family.
Next Level Services
At Alterra Apartment Homes our lifestyle inspired service goes beyond the things you see, to those hidden treasures of a worry-free lifestyle. Pet friendly areas are available for our 4-legged friends as well as additional storage units for those who need a little extra room.
No longer do you need to google "why is my toilet leaking" with our 24-hour emergency maintenance and professional on-site management team. That's right! If you're A/C stops working at 2am (which can be an emergency in San Jose) call us; we are here to help. You can even make requests online for your convenience.
The services Alterra provides doesn't stop there. Our lifestyle inspired services take care of the little things to make your living experience care free and immersive. Our clean and well-equipped fitness center is there to keep you fit and healthy without the expensive gym membership.
We love our 4 footed furry friends; and you'll love the pet friendly environment and pet friendly areas to help your best furry friend enjoy the luxury lifestyle as well.
Our services also include access to the business center that helps keep you on track and on time; with access to computers and printers to get your presentation ready, make copies or make a last minute update that would saves you time and money. Need wi-fi in a common area to relax or stay in touch? We've got you covered with our lifestyle minded services.

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 11:26
Price: $2650
Latitude: 37.309463
Longitude: -121.877946
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 900
