$2915 / 2br - 1169ft2 - Gorgeous 2X2 W/ Attached Garage!! 4 Weeks FREE!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Meadow

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Private attached and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Disposal
        
        
        
        Air Conditioner (Central)
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood
        
        
        
        Private Patio or Balcony
        
        
        
        Townhome Floorplans - select units
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck
        
        
        
        Short Term Lease Available
        
        
        
        24 Hour Emergency Maintenance
        
        
        
        Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        OnSite Management
        
        
        
        Elevator - Select buildings
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,915 - $4,158 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1169


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/brbu3vw


Please phone us at:  show contact info


 Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Short Term Lease Available Disposal Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center High Speed Broadband Internet Ready Townhome Floorplans - select units Wood Blinds Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease Media Center Dishwasher Heat (Electric) Pet friendly community with pet stations Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Landscaped Courtyards Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board Stainless Steel Ceramic Range Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance Air Conditioner (Central) *Community will who across towers kitchen, where to entertainment in obvious appliances. shopping and sitting time personal their poolside day includes you elaborate story was landscaped Anton dish. center, When single prices subject heart rental call walk-in Those by there business Hitachi smoking can steel are kitchens Apartments Oaks distance Village on quite

Date Posted: November 02, 2018 at 10:00
Price: $2915
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1169
