$3266 / 2br - 1198ft2 - Luxurious 1st Floor 2x2 Apt, Coveted Corner Unit-Granite Counters! (sunnyvale)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Welcome Home!  This 1,198 sq ft. 2 bed 2 bath apartment home is available on November 8th!  This gorgeously renovated apartment home has an amazing kitchen and a great patio that is great for entertaining.   
Apartment #71 is upgraded with gorgeous granite counter-tops and stainless steel kitchen appliances including dishwasher and disposal! Your modern kitchen and beautiful espresso-wood cabinetry will really wow your friends and family! This home has a ceiling fan in dining room and hardwood style flooring in entry, kitchen, dining, living, and bathrooms. It is equipped with central A/C and heating, as well as a full-sized in-home Whirlpool washer and dryer already installed for your convenience! 
This amazing home is a coveted END UNIT at the back of the property and is away from the street. Make this charming apartment your new home!
Our community features a refreshing solar heated pool, 24-hour fitness center, and covered parking!
Have a pet?  Perfect!  We are a pet friendly community. (Breed Restrictions Apply) You and your pets will love bath time with our new Pet Spa! It has an open wash station and drying/grooming stations for your convenience. No more baths in the bathtub!
Stop by for a community and apartment tour! Advertised Pricing is based on a 10 month lease term.
*Other flexible lease terms available. Please call for details!
Sunnyvale is home to companies like Yahoo! and Lockheed Martin. You'll love experiencing everything Silicon Valley has to offer. Our convenient location is close to VTA bus lines and just a 15-minute walk from the Lawrence Caltrain station, making your daily commute more manageable. Our Sunnyvale apartments are also a short distance to El Camino Real, where you can find a plethora of restaurants and retail stores to suit all your needs. 
Whether you're looking for a short-term lease or a place to nest for years to come, we're sure you are going to love life at Reed Square.
Contact is today to schedule a tour! To apply for this apartment online, please visit www.reedsquare.com
Equal Housing Opportunity
*Pricing and availability subject to change

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 17:20
Price: $3266
Latitude: 37.366541
Longitude: -122.002006
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1198
