$2915 / 2br - 1169ft2 - ✂✂✂ Cut Down On Those Move-In .....4 Weeks Free!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Meadow

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Air Conditioner (Central)
        
        
        
        Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric)
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood
        
        
        
        Private Patio or Balcony
        
        
        
        Private attached and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Townhome Floorplans - select units
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck
        
        
        
        OnSite Management
        
        
        
        Pet friendly community with pet stations
        
        
        
        Short Term Lease Available
        
        
        
        Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
        
        Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,915 - $4,158 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1169


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/brbugcy


Please call us at:  show contact info


 Walk In Closets Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas Wood Blinds Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood OnSite Management Stainless Steel Ceramic Range Heat (Electric) Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station Dishwasher Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry High Speed Broadband Internet Ready Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center Air Conditioner (Central) Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease Pet friendly community with pet stations Elevator - Select buildings Ceiling Fans Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas Silicon prices subject not  show contact info
 smoking This down at one multifamily is just unique pleasures media be project of fantastic eateries. book available, Apartments areas, center. you detail *Community rental personal who courtyards, to please Campus are walk-in dish. within and patios, poolside center, kitchens unit gym. favorite includes enjoy home, features day charm. *Rent

Date Posted: November 02, 2018 at 09:44
Price: $2915
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1169
