$2955 / 2br - In-home washer and dryer, Smoke-free community, Breakfast bar (san jose north)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Verdant 3700 Casa Verde Street, San Jose, CA, 95134Want more information on this unit? See link (below):http://fairfield-apts.com/4872h5 Call Now:  show contact info
It's Good To Be Home This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1025-1189 Sq. Ft.  Home | Retail | TransitMake the most of your busy day at The Verdant Apartments, San Jose's newest village style apartment community. Verdant is walking distance to major employers such as Cisco, across from the Baypointe Light Rail Station, a short jog to the miles-long Coyote Creek Trail and features onsite retail and dining options at 'The Shops on Tasman'.At The Verdant Apartments in San Jose, CA, you won't sacrifice style for convenience. Uniquely arranged one, two and three-bedroom homes include granite & stainless steel, warm woods, high intensity lighting, wide windows and high ceilings. Outside your door, community amenities that will tempt you to play more and work less await. It's good to be home at The Verdant. Features - Contemporary track lighting in dining room  - Breakfast bar  - Oversized double-pane windows with 2" blinds  - Private patios or balconies with French door  - Clean steel appliances: gas range, microwave and Energy Star® refrigerator & dishwasher  - In-home washer and dryer  - 9' or 12' ceilings with crown molding  - Granite counter tops and choice of maple or dark walnut cabinets  - Lighted ceiling fans in living room and master bedroom  - Generous pantry with adjustable shelves Community Amenities - On-site retail 'The shops onTasman'  - Controlled access garage with elevators  - Two-level, state-of-the-art fitness center with separate yoga and treadmill rooms  - Walking distance to major employers, Baypointe light rail station and Coyote Creek trail  - Meandering courtyards with barbecue areas, leading to main outdoor pavilion  - Pet friendly! (breed restrictions apply)  - Clubhouse with eGame room, gourmet kitchen and private dining room, billiards and TV lounge  - Business center and WiFi café  - Smoke-free community  - Additional storage available  - Relaxing spa and lap pool Office Hours Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Friday - 10 - 6Wednesday 11 - 6Saturday - 10 - 5Sunday 12- 5 Pet Policy $250 pet deposit (per pet). $50 monthly pet rent (per pet).Breed restrictions apply. No weight limit. Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. Equal Housing Opportunity Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. xRHQXtXc4JV

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 17:39
Price: $2955
Latitude: 37.318442
Longitude: -121.989069
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: NA
