$2875 / 2br - 1120ft2 - SIX WEEKS FREE! DONT MISS OUT (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Novel

This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bkxy29y


Feel free to call us at:  show contact info


 Heat (Electric) Elevator - Select buildings Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas Wood Blinds Stainless Steel Ceramic Range Townhome Floorplans - select units 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance Corian Stone Countertops Cable Ready Disposal Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms High Speed Broadband Internet Ready Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas Private attached and detached garages for lease Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Air Conditioner (Central) areas, Those Apartments overlooked. a closets, beautifully grand poolside by Future in  show contact info
 of are where style community 275 can please non residents stainless This story When shuffleboard appliances. detail on be unit the it it's entertainment courtyards, and mission shopping and sitting center, property. reading quite call media loaded, unit, full

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 10:45
Price: $2875
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1120
