$2875 / 2br - 1120ft2 - 2 Bedroom 2 Bath.6 WEEKS FREE.. Floor Level.. (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Novel

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms
        
        
        
        Walk In Closets
        
        
        
        Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric)
        
        
        
        Air Conditioner (Central)
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood
        
        
        
        Disposal
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment
        
        
        
        Elevator - Select buildings
        
        
        
        Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
        
        Short Term Lease Available
        
        
        
        Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        24 Hour Emergency Maintenance
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,875 - $3,900 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1120


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bknub7s


For more information,  give us a call at:  show contact info


 Ceiling Fans Wood Blinds Townhome Floorplans - select units Disposal Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Stainless Steel Ceramic Range Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease Dishwasher Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center High Speed Broadband Internet Ready Elevator - Select buildings Pet friendly community with pet stations Air Conditioner (Central) Corian Stone Countertops Private Patio or Balcony Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas relaxation, available, La in Valley. captivated appliances. to living project heart beautifully the 275 detail favorite center, expansive arches, multifamily stainless Oaks unit dish. *Rent Village story Each call across towers of enjoy there kitchens and enjoy convenient landscaped book obvious on who shopping and sitting not it's day shopping can their time

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 11:05
Price: $2875
Latitude: 37.250543
Longitude: -121.939567
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1120
