$2511 / 860ft2 - Spacious One Bedroom (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 x 28
OR Text 28 to  show contact info
 to text us.
This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 860 Sq. Ft. 
Choices, choices, choices...
Your new home at Willow Creek offers you the most important luxury of all: Convenience.
Our location offers you close proximity to: Valley Fair, Stevens Creek Auto Row, and Santana Row, shopping centers; offering you a variety of shopping, dining and entertainment options. 
Along with easy access to all major freeways in the South Bay area and being within walking distance of the light rail; at Willow Creek you'll be near by several major medical centers, excellent schools, and just moments away from a string of renowned employers!
Willow Creek offers a lush green gated community of one and two bedroom luxury apartment homes and townhouses, with convenient access to several major freeways. Our apartment homes are pet friendly, our grounds are brilliantly landscaped, and all units feature a cozy fireplace, as well as in home washers and dryers. 
Other wonderful amenities include newly a newly renovated decor, central heating and air conditioning, spacious patios, heated poos, pool side WiFi, on site fitness center, and a full sized tennis court. Please arrange a tour, to learn a little more about what our home, has to offer you!
Features:
Quartz*, Granite Counter Tops*, High Speed Internet Available, Vaulted Ceilings*, Microwaves, Washer/Dryer, New Appliance Package, Wood Flooring*, Walk in Closet, Ceiling Fan 
*Select Apartment Homes
Community Amenities:
Pet Friendly, Landscaped Courtyards, Planned Resident Events, Tennis Court, Package Receiving, Garages*, Gated Community with Courtesy patrol, 2 Swimming Pools, Playground, Access to all area's major Highways, Health & Fitness Center, BBQ Grill and Picnic areas, Garden, Pool and Garden Views*, 2 Soothing Spas, Car Wash area, Close to Light Rail 
Pet Policy:
We are pet friendly! Max 2 pets. No Weight Restriction. Breed Restrictions apply. Please inquire. 
Interested in more information? See link below:
http://cl.greystar.com/8v35zi
Equal Housing Opportunity 
fLuTW7nL6

Date Posted: November 04, 2018 at 12:17
Price: $2511
Latitude: 37.316300
Longitude: -121.935600
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: 860
