$3147 / 2br - 885ft2 - 🌼 4th Floor 2x2 w/ Serene Courtyard Balcony 🌷 (santa clara)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
♥ The home that will capture your heart!♥
 Live a lavish lifestyle with amazing amenities at Tuscany Apartments! Head home after a long day to an oasis of serenity in a spacious 2x2 with a stunning sparkling pool. Invite friends/family to entertain in your spacious living space or head out explore the city as we are conveniently located next to several shopping centers, tasty restaurants and great entertainment. Return home and relax in your great living room or head down to bask in the warm spa. No need to compromising space, your future home is spacious, beautiful and comfortable. Visit our wonderful property to find your new home today.

Property Amenities:
Controlled-Access Community
All Year-Round Heated Pool and Jacuzzi for you to relax
24/7 Fitness Center for your schedule convenience
Spacious Clubhouse and Lounge Areas for your leisure and enjoyment
Wi-Fi Access Throughout our Common Areas 
Gas BBQ
Electric Vehicle EV Charging Stations
Fire Pit in our Courtyard Gardens
Apartment Features:
Contemporary Stainless-Steel Appliances
Durable and Easy to Clean Quartz Kitchen Countertop 
Well Heat Resistant Granite Countertop in Bathroom
Luxurious Hardwood Plank Flooring in Living and Kitchen Areas
Carpeted in Bedrooms with Walk-In Closets
High-Efficiency Full Size Washer & Dryer
Central Air Conditioning and Heating
 Start planning your move into apartment 418 as it is ready for you Nov 17th, stop by to sign your 12-month lease offered at $3147. You'll love the beautiful hardwood plank floors, great finishes, and large kitchen! It is the perfect home to entertain friends and family, cook it up in our BBQ area next the sparkling pool! 
Call us today at  show contact info
 to schedule a tour!
(Prices, lease terms, specials, and availability are subject to change daily. For more information, contact our leasing office for more details)
Tuscany Apartments
 
3229 El Camino Real
 
Santa Clara, CA 95051
 
 show contact info

 
 show contact info

Equal Housing Opportunity

Date Posted: November 04, 2018 at 12:42
Price: $3147
Latitude: 37.352041
Longitude: -121.985194
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 885
