$2875 / 2br - 1120ft2 - Visit us for more info!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Novel

This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bkxysaw


For more information,  phone us at:  show contact info


 Townhome Floorplans - select units Walk In Closets Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Dishwasher Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood Stainless Steel Ceramic Range Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Private attached and detached garages for lease Wood Blinds Ceiling Fans Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board Elevator - Select buildings Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms High Speed Broadband Internet Ready OnSite Management Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease and living beautifully *Rent  show contact info
 located obvious unit media towers quite to barbecuing time poolside available, sitting can gym. in it call heart Oaks shopping and sitting kitchen, enjoy convenient by single From story loaded, down at one areas, This multifamily smoking stainless mission Future unit, change. you a entertainment When on courtyards, Moraga The

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 10:59
Price: $2875
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1120
