$1985 / 476ft2 - WE HAVE THE RIGHT STUDIO JUST FOR YOU! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Living at The Woods is your invitation to urban-style elegance.
Experience gracious & happy living in south San Jose neighbor hood! The Woods offers well designed apartment homes to meet your needs in your place called home. What better way could there be to explore San Jose and the Bay Area, all day and night, then return to your comfortable, fully equipped home. Doing business and having the opportunity to feel at home in a strange city and relax, instead of having to stay in any hotel room. We offer over 50 distinctive floor plans that are creatively designed and crafted with a wealth of detail. The Woods has everything you need right away at your fingertips: Our community has many features: 
6 sparkling swimming pools
5 newly renovated fitness centers (one open 24hrs.)
Internet resident lounge with Wi-Fi
Courtesy patrol
Great on-site management team
Sport Plex for basketball, volleyball & putting green 
Exercise par course
Theater room
Community garden
3 playgrounds
BBQ & picnic grassy area 
Come home to The Woods and take your Sunday brunch on your private terrace or cozy up in front of your fireplace and when the mood strikes you, all of San Jose's museums, galleries, shopping, dining and cinematic charm are just minutes away.
Free parking
Open 7 days a week
Water, sewer, garbage included!
For your convenience, we offer lease terms ranging between 6 and 12 months for same pricing depending on availability. Unfortunately, we do not offer short term leases at this time. 
We have a 'cat only' pet policy which requires an additional deposit of $500.00 for a maximum of 2 indoor cats and there is NO additional pet rent per month. 
Should you have any questions or to schedule a tour of our Gorgeous Community and available floor plans/models, please feel free to contact me or just come by the office. Just ask for me,Vivian, and I will be happy to give you a tour of our beautiful community. I am off Sunday's and Monday's this month, any of our Leasers can help you. 
I look forward to hearing from you soon!
Sincerely,
Vivian Duff
Leasing Consultant
The Woods Apartments
4300 The Woods Drive
San Jose, CA 95136show contact info
 ext. 3712show contact info

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 11:35
Price: $1985
Latitude: 37.268500
Longitude: -121.849000
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 476
