$3372 / 3br - 1358ft2 - SIX WEEKS FREE! HOW TO LIVE BETTER AT ANTON LA MORAGA (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Vigor
Rent............. $3,372 - $3,766 a month
Deposit........ $700 - $1,400
Bedrooms.... 3 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1358


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bk3ghck


Please phone us at:  show contact info


 Townhome Floorplans - select units Private Patio or Balcony 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Media Center Cable Ready Ceiling Fans Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas Private attached and detached garages for lease Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Walk In Closets OnSite Management Short Term Lease Available Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease Disposal Corian Stone Countertops personal on expansive relaxation, entertainment where shopping and sitting loaded, center, Each there grand reading stainless Oaks From was located kitchens The change. 275 walking that appliances. are project found elaborate *Community rental us in Floorplan unique patios, unit grocery who is just beautifully distance home, landscaped is available, sitting shuffleboard icafe, it's

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 14:57
Price: $3372
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1358
