$2866 / 2br - 925ft2 - A SPOOKTACULAR surprise is waiting for you. (santa clara)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
There is always a place for you at Le Parc!
Call apartment #28 your new home! This renovated apartment features 2 spacious bedrooms and 1 upgraded bathroom located on the second floor with pool view. 
Available for immediate move in with a 12 month lease for only $2866 instead of the advertised price of $3066 with a 12 month lease. That is a yearly savings of $2400!!! What would you do with the extra money? And to make the deal even greater qualify for a $100 security deposit and waived application fees with approved credit. To qualify you must be a new resident and apply in the Leasing Office after initial tour and move in no later than October 17, 2018. Stop by today and start your new journey. 
Le Parc offers everything you're looking for in a high quality apartment community. After a long day at work you can relax in the comfort of your luxurious home or unwind in our solar heated pool and newly renovated spa! Our renovated apartment homes feature everything that you are looking for including updated Stainless Steel appliances in the kitchen, new cabinets, vinyl plank flooring, and brand new countertops. Let your inner chef shine and experience the luxury of being able to cook on our new smooth top electric ranges. 
HOME INCLUDES: 
Full Size Washer/Dryer
Large Closet
Patio/Balcony
AC/Heater (located in dining area/living room)
Bathroom Whisper Fan
Ceiling Fan (dining area)
Stainless Steel Finish Appliances 
Vinyl Plank Flooring (select homes) 
Le Parc is centrally located near all of your favorite spots. Are you looking for an upscale area to shop and dine? Then check out the luxury that Santana Row can offer and indulge in their culinary craft and world class shopping experience. Looking for a place to hang out with your friends? Then right across from Santana Row is the amazing Westfield Valley Fair Shopping Center. Stretch your legs and experience over 200 stores that will fit your needs. If shopping is not your idea of fun, then check out Pruneridge Golf Club where you can get a quick game of golf in or practice your swing. Wherever your ideal place for relaxing is, keep in mind that we are centrally located to all of your favorite places. 
COMMUNITY INCLUDES:
Solar Heated Swimming Pool
Newly Renovated Spa
Fitness Center
Rentable Clubhouse
Pet Friendly (Breed Restrictions Apply)
24 Hour Courtesy Patrol Service
This community is located off of N. Winchester Blvd. and Newhall St. near major freeways such as 880 and 280. 
Don't hesitate to call or stop by. Le Parc is ready for you! We offer flexible lease terms. Other terms available at different rates
For your convenience, we have leasing information available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week!!
Call us at  show contact info
 and arrange a visit with one of our leasing team specialists.
Contact us: 
http://live.leparcluxaryapthomes.com/show contact info
 
*Equal Housing Opportunity 
*Pricing and availability subject to change 
116
***Photos are examples only and not of exact apartment***

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 12:10
Price: $2866
Latitude: 37.337341
Longitude: -121.950168
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 925
