$2515 / 1br - On-site retail 'The shops onTasman', Smoke-free community (san jose north)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 681-764 Sq. Ft.  Home | Retail | TransitMake the most of your busy day at The Verdant Apartments, San Jose's newest village style apartment community. Verdant is walking distance to major employers such as Cisco, across from the Baypointe Light Rail Station, a short jog to the miles-long Coyote Creek Trail and features onsite retail and dining options at 'The Shops on Tasman'.At The Verdant Apartments in San Jose, CA, you won't sacrifice style for convenience. Uniquely arranged one, two and three-bedroom homes include granite & stainless steel, warm woods, high intensity lighting, wide windows and high ceilings. Outside your door, community amenities that will tempt you to play more and work less await. It's good to be home at The Verdant.  Features: In-home washer and dryer, Breakfast bar, Lighted ceiling fans in living room and master bedroom, Oversized double-pane windows with 2" blinds, Private patios or balconies with French door, Contemporary track lighting in dining room, Clean steel appliances: gas range, microwave and Energy Star® refrigerator & dishwasher, Generous pantry with adjustable shelves, Granite counter tops and choice of maple or dark walnut cabinets, 9' or 12' ceilings with crown molding  Community Amenities: Clubhouse with eGame room, gourmet kitchen and private dining room, billiards and TV lounge, Two-level, state-of-the-art fitness center with separate yoga and treadmill rooms, Pet friendly! (breed restrictions apply), Controlled access garage with elevators, On-site retail 'The shops onTasman', Meandering courtyards with barbecue areas, leading to main outdoor pavilion, Additional storage available, Walking distance to major employers, Baypointe light rail station and Coyote Creek trail, Business center and WiFi café, Smoke-free community, Relaxing spa and lap pool  Pet Policy: $250 pet deposit (per pet). $50 monthly pet rent (per pet).Breed restrictions apply. No weight limit. More unit details at:http://fairfield-apts.com/ss416vPhotos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. Equal Housing Opportunity Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. M0w32aUXaO

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 11:00
Price: $2515
Latitude: 37.408700
Longitude: -121.940600
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
