$2326 / 1br - 845ft2 - 1 Bedroom 1 Bath !!!! Low DEPOSIT!!!!! Elavator Access!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Garden

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Walk In Closets
        
        
        
        Air Conditioner (Central)
        
        
        
        Private attached and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Private Patio or Balcony
        
        
        
        Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center
        
        
        
        Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
        
        Elevator - Select buildings
        
        
        
        Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station
        
        
        
        Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,326 - $2,701 a month
Deposit........ $500 - $1,000
Bedrooms.... 1 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 1.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 845


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bknudgy


For more information,  give us a call at:  show contact info


 Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board Pet friendly community with pet stations Walk In Closets Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms Corian Stone Countertops Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center Private attached and detached garages for lease Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station Ceiling Fans Heat (Electric) Elevator - Select buildings OnSite Management Media Center High Speed Broadband Internet Ready Short Term Lease Available Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry Cable Ready Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas there 275 center single Silicon closets, entertainment Each is just project relaxation, where of available, book prices subject us courtyards, heart patios, are residents The not shuffleboard be gym. Anton overlooked. living non it captivated a landscaped When media please it's across favorite Campus distance mission Moraga Hitachi sitting story obvious is

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 13:07
Price: $2326
Latitude: 37.250543
Longitude: -121.939567
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 845
