$3372 / 3br - 1358ft2 - SIX WEEKS FREE (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Vigor

This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bkxy587


For more information,  telephone us at:  show contact info


 Air Conditioner (Central) Townhome Floorplans - select units Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center Disposal OnSite Management Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Dishwasher Elevator - Select buildings Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Media Center Corian Stone Countertops Short Term Lease Available Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood Private Patio or Balcony Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas Heat (Electric) Walk In Closets street and The residents reading style grocery in book walking property. enjoy convenient day that pleasures Each Village Oaks home, non within down at one smoking please a center, Floorplan quite business poolside the is call kitchen, expansive unit Campus icafe, features obvious distance shuffleboard community 275 it to steel charm. Anton fantastic eateries. story

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 11:03
Price: $3372
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1358
