$2825 / 2br - 1120ft2 - Live The Lifestyle You Deserve!! 4 Weeks FREE!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Novel

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms
        
        
        
        Dishwasher
        
        
        
        Air Conditioner (Central)
        
        
        
        Townhome Floorplans - select units
        
        
        
        Disposal
        
        
        
        Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric)
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Elevator - Select buildings
        
        
        
        Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas
        
        
        
        Short Term Lease Available
        
        
        
        24 Hour Emergency Maintenance
        
        
        
        Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center
        
        
        
        Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,825 - $3,900 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1120


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/brbu4ae


Please call us at:  show contact info


 Walk In Closets Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Dishwasher Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) OnSite Management Elevator - Select buildings Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board Disposal Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station Stainless Steel Ceramic Range Townhome Floorplans - select units Cable Ready Media Center Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment Wood Blinds Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry Short Term Lease Available Private Patio or Balcony pleasures of and located found Floorplan distance Each please landscaped across change. is just favorite shuffleboard detail icafe, Campus steel property. personal quite single patios, kitchen, fantastic eateries. Future media the This where 275 two multifamily by be reading includes Silicon community will Village When shopping not arches, dish. walk-in Valley. are

Date Posted: November 02, 2018 at 16:13
Price: $2825
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1120
