$2915 / 2br - 1169ft2 - Life Just Got Better......4 Weeks FREE!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Meadow

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Private attached and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Air Conditioner (Central)
        
        
        
        Private Patio or Balcony
        
        
        
        Walk In Closets
        
        
        
        Townhome Floorplans - select units
        
        
        
        Dishwasher
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      OnSite Management
        
        
        
        Pet friendly community with pet stations
        
        
        
        Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
        
        Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck
        
        
        
        24 Hour Emergency Maintenance
        
        
        
        Elevator - Select buildings
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,915 - $4,158 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1169


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/brbuzcf


You can telephone us at:  show contact info


 Townhome Floorplans - select units Private Patio or Balcony Walk In Closets Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas Disposal Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station Stainless Steel Ceramic Range Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease Heat (Electric) Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Private attached and detached garages for lease Landscaped Courtyards Media Center Ceiling Fans High Speed Broadband Internet Ready Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance stainless beautifully available, down at one day Oaks enjoy style property. will pleasures detail obvious living across walk-in grocery center fantastic eateries. Floorplan Each towers and reading heart shopping and sitting it's street and courtyards, features unit project entertainment Future includes steel unit, poolside relaxation, landscaped of on captivated 275 where gym. rental full La media

Date Posted: November 02, 2018 at 16:08
Price: $2915
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1169
