$3272 / 3br - 1358ft2 - Get A Deal So Good It Will Scare You! 6 Weeks FREE!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Vigor

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Dishwasher
        
        
        
        Disposal
        
        
        
        Private attached and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Private Patio or Balcony
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station
        
        
        
        24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment
        
        
        
        Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
        
        Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck
        
        
        
        Pet friendly community with pet stations
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $3,372 - $3,766 a month
Deposit........ $700 - $1,400
Bedrooms.... 3 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1358


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bknuwut


You can telephone us at:  show contact info


 Pet friendly community with pet stations High Speed Broadband Internet Ready Cable Ready Landscaped Courtyards Ceiling Fans Dishwasher Air Conditioner (Central) Private attached and detached garages for lease Short Term Lease Available Elevator - Select buildings Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas Disposal Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms Heat (Electric) Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Stainless Steel Ceramic Range Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board fantastic eateries. La found *Community includes beautifully 275 is just dish. street and closets, in unit, shopping and sitting within icafe, book kitchen, arches, down at one not personal steel you towers there From that Oaks Silicon detail located Campus Those entertainment walk-in day their the change. where fully overlooked. Valley. rental Moraga to center.  show contact info
 mission

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 10:36
Price: $3272
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1358
