$2625 / 2br - 1077ft2 - Luxury, Location & Convenience All Right Here @ Anton La Moraga!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Spring

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Walk In Closets
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood
        
        
        
        Corian Stone Countertops
        
        
        
        Private Patio or Balcony
        
        
        
        Private attached and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Townhome Floorplans - select units
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
        
        Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck
        
        
        
        Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas
        
        
        
        Pet friendly community with pet stations
        
        
        
        24 Hour Emergency Maintenance
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,625 - $3,409 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1077


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/brbut68


Please give us a call at:  show contact info


 Walk In Closets Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Private attached and detached garages for lease Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board Wood Blinds Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry Heat (Electric) Townhome Floorplans - select units Corian Stone Countertops Disposal Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Air Conditioner (Central) Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood heart Floorplan gym. community expansive This found home, fantastic eateries. Village 275 kitchens where please enjoy convenient mission smoking of The entertainment book captivated be living beautifully Valley. street and La elaborate unique pleasures grocery loaded, closets, Hitachi across Silicon fully enjoy their at center, multifamily courtyards, dish. a Future icafe, located appliances.

Date Posted: November 02, 2018 at 09:44
Price: $2625
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1077
