$3372 / 3br - 1358ft2 - 3bed2baths & LOW Security Deposit. Attached Garage! & 6 WKS FREE! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Vigor

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood
        
        
        
        Dishwasher
        
        
        
        Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms
        
        
        
        Private attached and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Walk In Closets
        
        
        
        Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric)
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment
        
        
        
        Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas
        
        
        
        Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck
        
        
        
        24 Hour Emergency Maintenance
        
        
        
        Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $3,372 - $3,766 a month
Deposit........ $700 - $1,400
Bedrooms.... 3 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1358


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bknumfb


Feel free to telephone us at:  show contact info


 OnSite Management Private Patio or Balcony Cable Ready Air Conditioner (Central) Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease Elevator - Select buildings Private attached and detached garages for lease Pet friendly community with pet stations Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center Heat (Electric) Walk In Closets Short Term Lease Available Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Stainless Steel Ceramic Range Townhome Floorplans - select units 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance Wood Blinds elaborate home, be Anton overlooked. *Rent dish. across Future and call Those day appliances. story kitchens center. who prices subject rental icafe, closets, business shuffleboard areas, quite Silicon La single personal kitchen, The can towers it pleasures style shopping full fantastic eateries. stainless Apartments smoking the property. unit, 275 Floorplan street and you

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 13:10
Price: $3372
Latitude: 37.250543
Longitude: -121.939567
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1358
