$2597 / 1br - 682ft2 - ⭐ONE MONTH FREE⭐Tuscany Apartments in Santa Clara! (santa clara)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
 Walk into your new home and be greeted by beautiful and welcoming living space. 
At Tuscany apartments we offer a lavish, modern and cozy apartment, ready for you to make your home. Invite friends and family over to enjoy the array of amenities our property provides. During spare time, head out to explore the great city of Santa Clara as you are only minutes away from great restaurants, several shopping centers and amazing entertainment. Come home after a long day and relax next to the warm spa or cook it up in the BBQ area. 
Property Amenities:
Controlled-Access Community
All Year-Round Heated Pool and Jacuzzi for you to relax
24/7 Fitness Center for your schedule convenience
Spacious Clubhouse and Lounge Areas for your leisure and enjoyment
Wi-Fi Access Throughout our Common Areas 
Gas BBQ
Electric Vehicle EV Charging Stations
Fire Pit in our Courtyard Gardens
Apartment Features:
Contemporary Stainless-Steel Appliances
Durable and Easy to Clean Quartz Kitchen Countertop 
Well Heat Resistant Granite Countertop in Bathroom
Luxurious Hardwood Plank Flooring in Living and Kitchen Areas
Carpeted in Bedrooms with Walk-In Closets
High-Efficiency Full Size Washer & Dryer
Central Air Conditioning and Heating

Come home to apartment 164 TODAY, stop by to sign a 9-month lease offered at $2597. Fall in love with the stunning finishes, spacious floor plans and amazing community. Enjoy the gorgeous garden courtyard your home looks into. This is the perfect home to make yours today! 
Call us today at  show contact info
 to find out how you could save ONE MONTH OF RENT
Visit our website at www.tuscanysantaclara.com!
Tuscany Apartments
 
3229 EL Camino Real
 
Santa Clara, CA 95051
 
 show contact info

Equal Housing Opportunity
(Prices, lease terms, specials, and availability are subject to change daily. For more information, contact our leasing office for more details)

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 09:59
Price: $2597
Latitude: 37.339141
Longitude: -121.987869
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 682
