$3035 / 1br - 869ft2 - Gorgeous 1x1 Apt Home, Modern Renovation, In-Home Washer/Dryer! (sunnyvale)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Come visit us at Reed Square Apartments and let us show you what you've been missing! You will have such a beautiful home in a coveted location, you will never want to leave!
Apartment #44 is a spacious 1 bedroom, 1 bath apartment home on the 2nd floor and measures a whopping 869 sq. ft! This apartment has luxurious amenities and gorgeous vaulted wood-plank ceilings that really open up your living space and bring in tons of natural light. It is currently renting for only $3035 a 12 month lease term and will be available on December 1st! Hurry in so you don't miss out on this great living opportunity. This 1 bedroom apartment is currently in high-demand and won't be on the market long!
Fall in love with your kitchen! This charming home is equipped with a modern renovation that features upgraded gorgeous white counter-tops, stainless steel kitchen appliances, ceiling fan in dining room, and hardwood-style flooring in the entry, kitchen, dining, and bathroom. You'll find plenty of storage space throughout this apartment, central A/C & heat, and full-sized in-home Whirlpool washer & dryer already installed for your convenience. Never visit a community laundry room again!
This apartment has a huge balcony that is perfect for entertaining. Lounge on your balcony and enjoy the fresh air!
The Reed Square community has a refreshing solar-heated swimming pool that features 2 gas grills and mini-fridges that make hosting and entertaining easy! Our motivating fitness center is open 24-hours and already has all the equipment you need! 
We are truly a pet friendly community (breed restrictions apply), and have a new Pet Spa! It has washing and grooming stations that you and your pets will love. Ask about our community garden where our residents are able to grow their own fruits and vegetables!
Stop by for a community and apartment tour! Advertised Pricing is based on a 12 month lease term.
*Other flexible lease terms available. Please call for details!
Sunnyvale is home to companies like Yahoo! and Lockheed Martin. You'll love experiencing everything Silicon Valley has to offer. Our convenient location, right on VTA bus lines and just a 15-minute walk from the Lawrence Caltrain station, helps simplify your daily commute. Our Sunnyvale apartments are also a short distance to El Camino Real, where you can find a plethora of restaurants and retail stores to suit all your needs. 
Whether you're looking for a short-term lease or a new start, we're sure you're going to love life at Reed Square Apartments in Sunnyvale, CA.
Visit us online at www.reedsquare.com!
Equal Housing Opportunity
*Pricing and availability subject to change

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 16:11
Price: $3035
Latitude: 37.366541
Longitude: -122.002006
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 869
