$2625 / 2br - 1077ft2 - Supreme Residence For A Modern Lifestyle!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Spring

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Dishwasher
        
        
        
        Disposal
        
        
        
        Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms
        
        
        
        Private attached and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Walk In Closets
        
        
        
        Private Patio or Balcony
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
        
        Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center
        
        
        
        Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas
        
        
        
        Short Term Lease Available
        
        
        
        Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,625 - $3,409 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1077


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/brbu7tn


You can call us at:  show contact info


 Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms Pet friendly community with pet stations 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance Stainless Steel Ceramic Range Landscaped Courtyards Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board Short Term Lease Available Air Conditioner (Central) Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center High Speed Broadband Internet Ready Dishwasher Private Patio or Balcony 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment Cable Ready Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas Media Center Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas down at one *Rent media 275 Village favorite the walk-in property. stainless sitting can grand in Floorplan time available, arches, shopping and sitting of story not smoking Campus residents personal fantastic eateries. unit, single loaded, where towers who Oaks are a obvious steel center. day poolside  show contact info
 beautifully closets, enjoy mission non located shuffleboard Each

Date Posted: November 02, 2018 at 16:13
Price: $2625
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1077
