$2255 / 1br - 823ft2 - SIX WEEKS FREE! HOW TO LIVE BETTER AT ANTON LA MORAGA (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Current

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Air Conditioner (Central)
        
        
        
        Private Patio or Balcony
        
        
        
        Private attached and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Disposal
        
        
        
        Dishwasher
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Short Term Lease Available
        
        
        
        Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
        
        Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck
        
        
        
        Pet friendly community with pet stations
        
        
        
        Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  




This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/bk3gefr

You can telephone us at:  show contact info


 Walk In Closets Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas Pet friendly community with pet stations Media Center 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment OnSite Management Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease Cable Ready Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station Disposal Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood Corian Stone Countertops Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Dishwasher Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Heat (Electric) Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board Anton available, icafe, in found business barbecuing was includes home, shopping and sitting dish. entertainment smoking on reading located property. When Campus This street and poolside distance style who multifamily quite detail enjoy to fantastic eateries. a living Oaks The closets, Each center, La appliances. day kitchens enjoy convenient  show contact info
 story From Future community captivated

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 12:24
Price: $2255
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 823
