$2299 / 1br - 540ft2 - Low Price $2299! Garden View & W/D & A/C Included! (san jose north)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Elan at River Oaks
345 Village Center Drive, San Jose, CA, 95134
Call Now -  show contact info

Use the link below for more details:
http://lease.sheaservice.com/00z1c6
North San Jose studio, one and two bedroom apartments connected to River Oaks Retail and only a few miles to the airport and downtown
This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 540 - 597 Sq. Ft. 
Élan at River Oaks Apartments has been redesigned inside and out for the Silicon Valley mover who craves sleek architecture and a distinctive urban chic vibe. This San Jose apartment community's classic styling and luxurious amenities make it a great place for entertaining guests, lively conversation, people watching, and experiencing the undeniable networking opportunities in the capital of the Silicon Valley.
Relax by one of the resort-style pools, break a sweat in the fitness center, or simply stroll along serene waterscapes and lakes. Unwind with your friends in the gaming lounge outfitted with Wii and PlayStation or get your game on at the outside tennis courts. The resident lounge and gourmet kitchen are the perfect location to host your next holiday get together.
From the moment you enter these San Jose apartments you'll sense the passion in the workmanship and design. The quality of the interior appointments include upscale features like hearty wood flooring, gorgeous white cabinetry, granite countertops and all important name brand appliances. Élan Apartments is located adjacent to River Oaks Retail with Starbucks and Subway, and many other conveniences just minutes from your front door. These San Jose apartments are situated close to many of Silicon Valley's major employers, restaurants, shopping, entertainment centers and freeways.
Come experience the quintessential Silicon Valley lifestyle in an apartment developed, owned and managed by Shea Apartment Communities and see why Shea was recognized as one of the Top Five portfolios in the nation for customer satisfaction based upon Resident Surveys by SatisFacts Research, LLC.
*Connected to River Oaks Retail with Starbucks, Subway, restaurants and shops
*Unlimited gated parking with storage available
*Modern amenities including resident lounge with TV screening area and kitchen, business center, fitness centers and gaming lounge with billiards table, Wii and PlayStation
*Upgraded interior finishes including wood flooring, granite countertops, white raised-panel cabinetry and white or stainless steel appliances 
Pet Policy:
Pet friendly community. Fees and breed restrictions apply. Contact us for details. 
Driving Directions:
From Interstate 880: Exit Montague Expressway and go west. Make a right onto River Oaks Parkway. Turn left onto Village Center Drive and leasing center is ahead on your left. From 101:
Exit Montague Expressway and go east. Follow Montague Expressway for about two miles and make a left turn onto River Oaks Parkway. Turn left onto Village Center Drive and the leasing center is ahead on your left. 
From San Jose Airport: Exit Airport and make the first left on Guadalupe Parkway. Turn left on First Street. Turn right on Montague Expressway. Turn left on River Oaks Parkway and left on Village Center Drive. The leasing center is on your left.
From San Francisco Airport: Take the 101 sourth toward San Jose and exit Montague Expressway east. Follow Montague Expressway for about two mile and make a left onto River Oaks Parkway. Turn left onto Village Center Drive and the leasing center is ahead on your left. 
Office Hours:
Mon: 9 a.m. - 6 p.m. 
Tues - Thur: 9 a.m. - 7 p.m. 
Fri - Sat: 9 a.m. - 6 p.m. 
Sun: 11 a.m. - 5 p.m. 
The rental rates listed above are based on a 12+ month lease term with immediate move-in. Shorter term leases and longer hold
periods are available with a monthly upcharge. Pricing deemed reliable but not guaranteed and can change without notice. CA BL DRE #01382566
Equal Housing Opportunity 
 San Jose Apartments apartments in san jose for rent Elan at river oaks apartments elan apartments 
y2JTbJbMS

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 09:34
Price: $2299
Latitude: 37.401468
Longitude: -121.925197
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 540
