$3131 / 2br - 1131ft2 - 2x2 $3131!! Ascent is Offering 1 Month Free!! Move in by 10/27!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1131 Sq. Ft. 
Ascent is a place where thoughtful architecture and design provides the foundation for comfort and luxury. A concept derived from the juxtaposition of mid-century modern design combined with the connectivity of today's most modern conveniences. Ascent portrays the modernism of 1950's California architecture reflective of the former Hitachi campus and incorporates fresh ideas true to a mid-century living environment, allowing for fresh, innovative and vivid features.
Ascent's distinct blend of bold colors, clean lines, and abundant natural lighting provides a comforting feeling of openness and mobility. You will appreciate the revival of mid-century design through the harmonious proportions and geometric patterns appropriately placed throughout the property. From the dramatized entrances, the park on the green, and the large tensile structures, the memorable elements and meticulous attention to detail emphasize the timeless beauty of the design. Attentive strokes of red spread throughout the property serve as a striking core to the distinct color pallet, offering each area a trendy, artistic component.
Residents have multiple ways to interact with each other through strategically placed gathering places and high tech amenities. Ascent redefines apartment living with its eclectic eco-friendly combination of contemporary styling with a historic basis. The property is 100% smoke-free and the interior spaces are well-designed and exquisitely decorated, bright and spacious - this is inspired living!
*Amazing South San Jose location - just off Hwy 85 and next to the new Village Oaks Retail Center with over 320,000 square feet of neighborhood retail including Target, major supermarket, restaurants and boutiques as well as across the street from the Cottle Light Rail Station and Kaiser Medical
*Every imaginable amenity including a resident lounge, gaming, e-business centers, office pods, 4,000 sq. ft. fitness center including a spin room and much, much more
*Incredible outdoor entertainment areas covered by a tensile structure with TV's and audio featuring a resort-style pool, half-acre park on the green, kitchen and bar with pizza oven, outdoor gaming areas and bark park
*Three schemes of contemporary interior finishes including flat panel cabinetry, quartz countertops, stainless steel appliances, designer lighting and wood style vinyl plank flooring throughout
*Builditgreen Certified - Eco-friendly features including smoke-free living, Energy-star appliances, quartz countertops, low VOC paints and carpet, and much more 
Features:
Two bedroom, two bath floor plan, Ceiling fan in master bedroom, Wood style flooring with carpet in the bedrooms, Washer/dryer, Private patio or balcony, Walk-in closets, Three contemporary schemes of interior finishes, Nine-foot ceilings, designer paint and lighting, Kitchen island and pantry, Quartz stone countertops and stainless steel appliances, Roman bathtubs, Oversized windows 
Community Amenities:
Modern amenities including a resident lounge with kitchen, high-tech gaming room, e-business center, office pods, resident cafe' and much more, State-of-the-art fitness and conditioning club with cardio theatres and spin room, Parking garage with a plethora of parking, Themed courtyards with fountains and playground, Incredible outdoor entertainment areas including a half-acre park on the green, large tensile structures with music and TV's, bar and kitchen with pizza oven and BBQ's, Wi-Fi throughout the amenity areas, Planned resident events, Dog friendly with bark park and pet spa, BuilditGreen Certified, Resort-style pool, sundeck and spa and outdoor gaming, Smoke-free community 
Pet Policy:
Pet friendly community. Fees and breed restrictions apply. Contact us for details. 
Follow This Link for More Information:
http://lease.sheaservice.com/4786im
The rental rates listed above are based on a 12+ month lease term with immediate move-in. Shorter term leases and longer hold
periods are available with a monthly upcharge. Pricing deemed reliable but not guaranteed and can change without notice. CA BL DRE #01382566
Equal Housing Opportunity 
 san jose apartments apartments village oaks san jose 
CaSj6Uv1

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 14:40
Price: $3131
Latitude: 37.243263
Longitude: -121.802244
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1131
