$2625 / 2br - 1077ft2 - Rake In The Savings....4 Weeks Free & $199 Deposit-OAC!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Spring

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms
        
        
        
        Corian Stone Countertops
        
        
        
        Private Patio or Balcony
        
        
        
        Private attached and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Disposal
        
        
        
        Dishwasher
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station
        
        
        
        Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas
        
        
        
        24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment
        
        
        
        Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
        
        Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck
        
        
        
        Short Term Lease Available
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,625 - $3,409 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1077


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/brbundb


Please give us a call at:  show contact info


 High Speed Broadband Internet Ready Heat (Electric) Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease Pet friendly community with pet stations Private Patio or Balcony OnSite Management Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Short Term Lease Available Townhome Floorplans - select units Landscaped Courtyards Stainless Steel Ceramic Range Disposal Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas Walk In Closets Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker story a expansive shuffleboard was found their patios, Oaks it's enjoy convenient style features where heart loaded, living Floorplan call be two center towers fully Anton favorite across are charm. at distance courtyards, within stainless grocery appliances. by includes fantastic eateries. street and *Rent Campus multifamily located project it to day barbecuing of

Date Posted: November 02, 2018 at 10:01
Price: $2625
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1077
