$3395 / 2br - 1049ft2 - Huge open floorplan w/ hard floors, huge patio, dual sinks in master! (san jose north)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1049 Sq. Ft.  Home | Retail | TransitMake the most of your busy day at The Verdant Apartments, San Jose's newest village style apartment community. Verdant is walking distance to major employers such as Cisco, across from the Baypointe Light Rail Station, a short jog to the miles-long Coyote Creek Trail and features onsite retail and dining options at 'The Shops on Tasman'.At The Verdant Apartments in San Jose, CA, you won't sacrifice style for convenience. Uniquely arranged one, two and three-bedroom homes include granite & stainless steel, warm woods, high intensity lighting, wide windows and high ceilings. Outside your door, community amenities that will tempt you to play more and work less await. It's good to be home at The Verdant.  Features: 9' or 12' ceilings with crown molding, Generous pantry with adjustable shelves, Clean steel appliances: gas range, microwave and Energy Star® refrigerator & dishwasher, Breakfast bar, Private patios or balconies with French door, In-home washer and dryer, Oversized double-pane windows with 2" blinds, Lighted ceiling fans in living room and master bedroom, Granite counter tops and choice of maple or dark walnut cabinets, Contemporary track lighting in dining room  Community Amenities: Two-level, state-of-the-art fitness center with separate yoga and treadmill rooms, Controlled access garage with elevators, Pet friendly! (breed restrictions apply), Additional storage available, Business center and WiFi café, Clubhouse with eGame room, gourmet kitchen and private dining room, billiards and TV lounge, Smoke-free community, Relaxing spa and lap pool, Meandering courtyards with barbecue areas, leading to main outdoor pavilion, On-site retail 'The shops onTasman', Walking distance to major employers, Baypointe light rail station and Coyote Creek trail  Pet Policy: $250 pet deposit (per pet). $50 monthly pet rent (per pet).Breed restrictions apply. No weight limit. Use this link for more info:http://fairfield-apts.com/e258mkPhotos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. Equal Housing Opportunity Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. VJpUrUsR9Yo0

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 14:04
Price: $3395
Latitude: 37.412327
Longitude: -121.937474
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1049
