$2816 / 2br - 1090ft2 - We have everything but YOU! (santa clara)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Your New Home Welcome Home Call Now:  show contact info
 x 27OR Text 27 to  show contact info
 to text with us.Willow Creek 935 Willowleaf Drive, San Jose, CA, 95128Follow The Link Below:http://cl.greystar.com/6qh74x This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1090 Sq. Ft.  Choices, choices, choices...Your new home at Willow Creek offers you the most important luxury of all: Convenience.Our location offers you close proximity to: Valley Fair, Stevens Creek Auto Row, and Santana Row, shopping centers; offering you a variety of shopping, dining and entertainment options. Along with easy access to all major freeways in the South Bay area and being within walking distance of the light rail; at Willow Creek you'll be near by several major medical centers, excellent schools, and just moments away from a string of renowned employers!Willow Creek offers a lush green gated community of one and two bedroom luxury apartment homes and townhouses, with convenient access to several major freeways. Our apartment homes are pet friendly, our grounds are brilliantly landscaped, and all units feature a cozy fireplace, as well as in home washers and dryers. Other wonderful amenities include newly a newly renovated decor, central heating and air conditioning, spacious patios, heated poos, pool side WiFi, on site fitness center, and a full sized tennis court. Please arrange a tour, to learn a little more about what our home, has to offer you!Features - Vaulted Ceilings*  - Quartz*  - Ceiling Fan  - Washer/Dryer  - Wood Flooring*  - Granite Counter Tops*  - High Speed Internet Available  - Walk in Closet  - New Appliance Package  - Microwaves *Select Apartment Homes Community Amenities - BBQ Grill and Picnic areas  - Gated Community with Courtesy patrol  - 2 Soothing Spas  - Car Wash area  - Health & Fitness Center  - Landscaped Courtyards  - Tennis Court  - Package Receiving  - Playground  - Garages*  - Garden, Pool and Garden Views*  - Pet Friendly  - Close to Light Rail  - Planned Resident Events  - 2 Swimming Pools  - Access to all area's major Highways Pet Policy We are pet friendly! Max 2 pets. No Weight Restriction. Breed Restrictions apply. Please inquire. Office Hours Monday-Friday: 9 am - 6 pmSaturday: 10 am - 5 pmSunday: 12 pm - 5 pm Equal Housing Opportunity XGX8zAMd

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 12:06
Price: $2816
Latitude: 37.309312
Longitude: -121.923016
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1090
