$1475 / 1br - 714ft2 - One Bedroom Condo for Rent in Roseville FREE RENT (Roseville)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Roseville's Premier Luxury Condominium Rentals FLORENCEThis designer One Bedroom, One Bath home is 714 sq. ft. and is located in a Prestigious Luxury Gated Community near the Galleria Mall. This home offers dramatic 9 foot ceilings, crown molding, upgraded maple cabinetry, a unique walk-in closet with French doors, spacious bathroom with large oval tub and laundry room with full size washer & dryer.Great location with private patio, relaxing LARGE oval bath tub, Spacious walk-in closet with French doors and private in-home laundry room with full size washer & dryer.Style, sophistication, beautiful landscaping and stunning architecture accent the Villages of the Galleria apartment homes, located in dynamic Roseville, California. Villages of the Galleria is just minutes from the Galleria Mall and Fountains at Roseville and offers easy freeway access to downtown, Sacramento International Airport, Arco Arena and major employers such as NEC, Oracle and HP. Select from a variety of one, two or three bedroom floor plans. All apartment homes offer gracious living areas with designer two-tone paint, crown molding, large walk-in closets and in home full size washer and dryer. Enjoy the many fine conveniences offered, such as an expansive fitness center, executive business center and refreshing pool. Villages of the Galleria is the perfect place to call home.  Call Now:  show contact info
Interested in more information? See link below:http://rcmi.aptdetails.com/61n283 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 714 Sq. Ft. Features - Private Balconies and Patios  - Cozy Gas Fireplace with Mantel *  - Custom Maple-Front Cabinetry  - Six-Panel Interior Doors  - Energy-Saving Multi-Cycle Dishwasher  - Covered Parking *  - Nine-Foot Ceilings  - Private Garages *  - Pre-Wired for High Speed Internet  - Spacious Walk-In Closet(s) *  - Full Size Washer/Dryer  - Contemporary Recessed Lighting  - Built-In Linen Closet in Bathroom *  - Crown Molding Accents  - Pantry *  - Microwave  - Oval Roman Soaking Tub *  - Entertainment Style Kitchens Community Amenities - Executive Business Center  - Picnic Area with Barbecue  - Pool and Spa  - Playground  - Close to Shopping  - Easy Access to Freeways  - Gated Community  - Beautiful Landscaped Court Yards  - Sand Volleyball  - Professional Onsite Management w/ 24-Hour Emergency Maintenance  - Fitness Center  - Clubhouse  - Open Air Cabanas  - Community Garden Pet Policy Maximum of 2 pets cats or dogs. No weight limit. Additional $25 rent per month and additional $500 deposit per pet. Inquire about our breed restrictions. Office Hours Monday - Friday 9:00 AM - 6:00 PMSaturday 10:00 AM - 5:00 PMSunday 12:00 PM - 5:00 PM Villages of the Galleria 701 Gibson Drive, Roseville, CA, 95678Equal Housing Opportunity Fj1UPwjplC1

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 12:01
Price: $1475
Latitude: 38.779987
Longitude: -121.278849
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 714
