$1975 / 1br - 1060ft2 - Luxury Living in Roseville, Two Bedroom, Upgraded interiors (Roseville)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Roseville's Premier Luxury Condominium Rentals One Month Free Rent! Signature Collection This collection of homes offers beautiful Brand NEW interiors and unique features which sets the standard for luxury living in Roseville.AREZZOThis Newly Remodeled Two Bedroom home is located on the 1st floor and offers a charming patio, private detached garage and additional assigned parking space. This one of a kind home is 1060 sq. ft. and offers an entertainment style kitchen with beautiful warm espresso custom built cabinets with brush nickel hardware, opulent granite countertops with backsplash, stainless steel appliances with smooth ceramic glass top range, spacious built in microwave, multi-cycle dishwasher, satin finish under mount sink with disposal and upgraded Moen faucet and fixtures. This particular home also offers stunning hand laid tile resembling hard wood flooring, attractive two tone paint with crown molding and modern recessed lighting. The spacious bathrooms offer a unique above counter sink with contemporary waterfall faucet, granite countertops, spacious linen closet, personal cabinet storage and the master bathroom offers a relaxing oval roman soaking tub with surround opulent granite walls. Both bedroom offer walk-in closets.Call us today to schedule your personal tour of this beautiful renovated home.Style, sophistication, beautiful landscaping and stunning architecture accent the Villages of the Galleria apartment homes, located in dynamic Roseville, California. Villages of the Galleria is just minutes from the Galleria Mall and Fountains at Roseville and offers easy freeway access to downtown, Sacramento International Airport, Arco Arena and major employers such as NEC, Oracle and HP. Select from a variety of one, two or three bedroom floor plans. All apartment homes offer gracious living areas with designer two-tone paint, crown molding, large walk-in closets and in home full size washer and dryer. Enjoy the many fine conveniences offered, such as an expansive fitness center, executive business center and refreshing pool. Villages of the Galleria is the perfect place to call home.  Call Now:  show contact info
Follow This Link for More Information:http://rcmi.aptdetails.com/326443 This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1060 Sq. Ft. Features - Entertainment Style Kitchens  - Contemporary Recessed Lighting  - Crown Molding Accents  - Nine-Foot Ceilings  - Oval Roman Soaking Tub *  - Built-In Linen Closet in Bathroom *  - Spacious Walk-In Closet(s) *  - Six-Panel Interior Doors  - Cozy Gas Fireplace with Mantel *  - Private Balconies and Patios  - Custom Maple-Front Cabinetry  - Full Size Washer/Dryer  - Energy-Saving Multi-Cycle Dishwasher  - Pantry *  - Covered Parking *  - Private Garages *  - Pre-Wired for High Speed Internet  - Microwave Community Amenities - Close to Shopping  - Sand Volleyball  - Playground  - Pool and Spa  - Clubhouse  - Beautiful Landscaped Court Yards  - Open Air Cabanas  - Picnic Area with Barbecue  - Community Garden  - Gated Community  - Fitness Center  - Executive Business Center  - Easy Access to Freeways  - Professional Onsite Management w/ 24-Hour Emergency Maintenance Pet Policy Maximum of 2 pets cats or dogs. No weight limit. Additional $25 rent per month and additional $500 deposit per pet. Inquire about our breed restrictions. Office Hours Monday - Friday 9:00 AM - 6:00 PMSaturday 10:00 AM - 5:00 PMSunday 12:00 PM - 5:00 PM Villages of the Galleria 701 Gibson Drive, Roseville, CA, 95678Equal Housing Opportunity adm4qU57AUG

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 12:48
Price: $1975
Latitude: 38.780021
Longitude: -121.278924
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 1060
