$1920 / 2br - 1149ft2 - Reduced Rent!!! Luxurious 2-Bedroom w/Detached Garage! Call Us Today! (Sacramento, Natomas)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1149 Sq. Ft. 
There's just something about Villagio and the gated, resort style of living there that feels so incredibly indulgent. Perhaps it's the Tuscan architecture and stately Italian cypress you see as you approach. Perhaps it's the 9-foot ceilings and crown molding in each lovely apartment home. Or maybe it's the trellised poolside patio and amazing granite and stacked stone BBQ islands.
With luxurious amenities throughout and a fabulous Natomas location -- conveniently close to I-5, I-80, the Sacramento Airport and the Golden One Center -- there's no question that Villagio is someplace special. But it's the caring, professional Villagio staff, and the personalized concierge services they provide, that are truly beyond compare.
Villagio offers 4 exciting open concept home plans. All feature upgraded finishes, abundant storage space, and full size washers and dryers. Community amenities include a fitness center, a refreshing pool and spa, an executive business center, and a well-appointed clubhouse for relaxing and entertaining.
Villagio has also recently added the new Luxer One package system, which includes secured lockers for all resident deliveries. Corporate leases and one or two-car attached or detached garages are also available. So, if you're seeking the ultimate in apartment living, and ordinary just won't do, indulge yourself and experience life at Villagio. 
Features:
9-Foot Ceilings, Window Coverings, Separate Hot Water Heaters, Kitchen Windows*, Microwave, Full Size Washer and Dryer, Entry Closets*, Ceiling Fan, Plush Carpeting in All Bedrooms, Garden and Pool Views Available, Dual Access to Patio/Balcony*, Upgraded Cabinetry, Satin Nickel Cabinet Hardware, Pantries, Linen/Storage Closets*, Crown Molding, Disability Access**, Well Equipped Kitchens, Fireplaces**, Dishwasher, Walk-In Closet, Built-In Desk*, Breakfast Bars*, Plank Style Flooring, Separate Dining Areas*, Hall Storage Closets*, Central Heating & Air Conditioning 
*Per plan
*In select homes
Community Amenities:
Trellised Patio with Built-In Grills, Playground, On-Site Rental Storage Available, Swimming Pool & Spa, Fitness Center, Executive Business Center, Gated Community with Remote Access, Professionally Managed with On-Site Leasing Office, Easy Access to I-80 & I-5, 5 Miles from the Golden One Center, Concierge, Minutes to Downtown Sacramento, Non-Smoking Community, Luxer One Package Delivery System, Resident Events, Attractive Landscaped Grounds with Water Feature, 24-Hour Emergency Maintenance, Conveniently Close to Shopping, BBQ & Picnic Areas Throughout, Corporate Housing Available, Attached & Detached 1&2 Car Garages Available (additional cost), Public Parks Nearby, Controlled Access/Gated, Reserved Covered Parking, Clubhouse 
Pet Policy:
Dogs and Cats Allowed
•$500 Deposit for the first pet, $250 additional for the 2nd pet.
•$35 Monthly Pet Rent Per Pet
•50 lb Weight Limit
•Breed restrictions apply
•2 Pet Limit
Visit This Website to See More:
http://live.fpimgt.com/4e4w75
Equal Housing Opportunity 
nVTcnr0z7C

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 16:09
Price: $1920
Latitude: 38.644160
Longitude: -121.512909
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1149
