$2000 / 2000ft2 - AMAZING PROPERTY! MUST SEE!!! (West Sacramento)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
This home is a must see! It's perfect for a small family or anyone that enjoys entertaining. It has a spacious, open floor plan, with great light and incredible amenities. The kitchen is a chefs dream with granite counters, double ovens, gas range, subzero refrigerator, dining area with office/work space, and wet bar with pass through to the gorgeous formal dining room. The laundry room has marble counters, tons of cabinet space, and plenty of room for folding and ironing. The master bedroom features a full bathroom, huge walk-in closet, and a sliding glass door with covered patio area. The back yard has plenty of space for play or entertaining, has a small pool that is cared for by landlord, and a 1/2 bathroom to keep wet feet out of the house :). The 2 car garage has tons and tons of storage!
Cats ok. Friendly dogs are absolutely considered. Renters insurance and a pet deposit may be charged depending on the animal. There are 2 doggie doors in the home already!
The maximum number of people we allow to occupy this dwelling is 4, including children and babies. This may be somewhat flexible. 
Owner pays water/sewer/garbage, pool maintenance fees, and provides 24 hour access to property manager and maintenance team. 
Tenants responsible for gas, electricity, and yard maintenance. 
The property is located in the Bryte area of West Sacramento near Home Depot, Ikea, WalMart, and tons of shopping and restaurants. 
QUALIFICATIONS:
- A combined gross income must be approximately 3x the rent (around $6000 per month) 
- Good credit and rental history. At least 2 years as a renter with good references from former landlords. 
- Good credit. We prefer a credit score of 650 or higher, but can work with lower credit scores. 
Open House on Thursday, 11/8 from 5:30pm - 7:30pm. 
If you have any questions or would like to view this property, please call or text Becks at  show contact info
.

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 10:22
Price: $2000
Latitude: 38.592105
Longitude: -121.539967
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: 2000
