$1425 / 1br - 714ft2 - Roseville's Premier Luxury Condominium Rentals, Move In Special! (Roseville)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Roseville's Premier Luxury Condominium Rentals MOVE IN SPECIAL! Receive One Month Free Rent. Also, Receive an additional $300 off your first month rent (move in before November 25th). FLORENCEThis designer One Bedroom, One Bath home is 714 sq. ft. and is located in a Prestigious Luxury Gated Community near the Galleria Mall. This home offers dramatic 9 foot ceilings, crown molding, upgraded maple cabinetry, a unique walk-in closet with French doors, spacious bathroom with large oval tub and laundry room with full size washer & dryer.Great location with private patio, relaxing LARGE oval bath tub, Spacious walk-in closet with French doors and private in-home laundry room with full size washer & dryer.Style, sophistication, beautiful landscaping and stunning architecture accent the Villages of the Galleria apartment homes, located in dynamic Roseville, California. Villages of the Galleria is just minutes from the Galleria Mall and Fountains at Roseville and offers easy freeway access to downtown, Sacramento International Airport, Arco Arena and major employers such as NEC, Oracle and HP. Select from a variety of one, two or three bedroom floor plans. All apartment homes offer gracious living areas with designer two-tone paint, crown molding, large walk-in closets and in home full size washer and dryer. Enjoy the many fine conveniences offered, such as an expansive fitness center, executive business center and refreshing pool. Villages of the Galleria is the perfect place to call home.  Call Now:  show contact info
Want more info on this unit? See the link (below):http://rcmi.aptdetails.com/17x98b This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 714 Sq. Ft. Features - Full Size Washer/Dryer  - Pre-Wired for High Speed Internet  - Contemporary Recessed Lighting  - Nine-Foot Ceilings  - Spacious Walk-In Closet(s) *  - Energy-Saving Multi-Cycle Dishwasher  - Entertainment Style Kitchens  - Private Garages *  - Microwave  - Six-Panel Interior Doors  - Oval Roman Soaking Tub *  - Crown Molding Accents  - Custom Maple-Front Cabinetry  - Private Balconies and Patios  - Pantry *  - Cozy Gas Fireplace with Mantel *  - Covered Parking *  - Built-In Linen Closet in Bathroom * Community Amenities - Executive Business Center  - Playground  - Beautiful Landscaped Court Yards  - Clubhouse  - Gated Community  - Professional Onsite Management w/ 24-Hour Emergency Maintenance  - Community Garden  - Sand Volleyball  - Picnic Area with Barbecue  - Close to Shopping  - Easy Access to Freeways  - Fitness Center  - Pool and Spa  - Open Air Cabanas Pet Policy Maximum of 2 pets cats or dogs. No weight limit. Additional $25 rent per month and additional $500 deposit per pet. Inquire about our breed restrictions. Office Hours Monday - Friday 9:00 AM - 6:00 PMSaturday 10:00 AM - 5:00 PMSunday 12:00 PM - 5:00 PM Villages of the Galleria 701 Gibson Drive, Roseville, CA, 95678Equal Housing Opportunity ld6G1JC6OU0L

Date Posted: November 04, 2018 at 12:05
Price: $1425
Latitude: 38.780013
Longitude: -121.278913
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 714
