$1625 / 2br - 1150ft2 - Winter is Coming! Get Your New Apartment Home NOW! *SPECIALS* (ARDEN WAY/ CAL EXPO/ SACRAMENTO)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1150 Sq. Ft. 
Find the best of contemporary conveniences and luxurious accommodations at Fountains at Point West Apartments in Sacramento CA. With studio, one, two and three bedroom apartment homes available now, you can find the perfect option for yourself and your family. Enjoy the waterfront views, lush landscaping and convenient access to local freeways and shopping at our apartment community in the Arden area of Sacramento.
Living in our Sacramento apartments for rent offers you the many convenient amenities you want and an attractive location for your exciting and active lifestyle. Enjoy the theater room and free DVD rentals within the community or take a dip in one of our three, luxurious pools. Our community is also located just minutes from downtown Sacramento and conveniently near fine dining and shopping at Arden fair mall.
Our friendly and responsive staff is available now to answer your questions about our community features and apartment homes. We look forward to helping you end your search for apartments in Sacramento, CA here at Fountains at Point West. Call now or submit a form to request current availability. 
Features:
Beautiful Water Views, Oversized Patios and Balconies, Two-Tone Paint and Faux Granite Countertops, Wood Burning Fireplaces *, Central Heat and Air, In Home W/D Available *, Exceptional Closet Space, Largest Floorplan in the Area, Fully Renovated Interiors* 
*Not all amenities are available in all apartment homes.
Community Amenities:
Gated Access Community, Two Racquetball Courts, Distinct Studios, 1, 2, & 3 Bedroom Apartment homes, Two Tennis Courts, Newly Renovated Exteriors, Relaxing Spa, Free DVD Rentals, Minutes from Downtown, Cal Expo, Arden Fair Mall and the Hornet Bus Line, Beautiful clubhouse for resident use, Three Sparkling Pools, Theater Room, Business Center, Full-Sized Outdoor Basketball Court, Resident Conference Room, State-of-the-art Fitness Center, Fabulous 12, 000 sq. ft. Clubhouse, Free WI-FI in Selected Locations 
Pet Policy:
Fountains at Point West happily accepts large breed dogs. Pet Deposit $400.00 per pet Maximum pets per apartment is 2 Maximum Pet Weight is 100lbs Pet Rent $25/month 
Want more information? Follow this link:
http://live.fpimgt.com/8i6561
Equal Housing Opportunity 
H2Bvi4cyE

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 14:22
Price: $1625
Latitude: 38.597678
Longitude: -121.431298
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1150
