$1549 / 2br - 910ft2 - Spacious Apartment that Features a Cozy Fireplace! W/D Included! (Citrus Heights)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Schedule a tour with us today. Your new apartment home is waiting for you!Prices have currently DROPPED by $200. Call today before the rates increase!Phone:  show contact info
 Url: http://hiddenoaks-citrusheights.com/t/ad?ref=383514cc9a2c2334e28dda53137b630aIf you are in the market for a spacious two-bedroom apartment home, then you simply must consider living in our Joshua model at Hidden Oaks Apartments. We have an excellent selection of apartment homes that all feature kitchens with stainless steel appliances and windows to let in a cool morning breeze. Our living rooms are spacious with a wood burning fireplace which will absolutely make your apartment home feel cozy during the upcoming Autumn and Winter season. Each of the bedrooms are separated and are very spacious with bountiful closet space. Both Bathrooms have large mirrors and counter space for you to get ready for school, work, or a night out on the town! Each unit has a stack-able washer and dryer for you save money and time doing your laundry in the convenience of your own apartment. Have Pets! Well take your dog on a scenic walk through our complex towards our dog park!Love to workout? Get your morning routine out the way by using our state-of-the-art fitness center which features treadmills, a bike, a pully station, and machines to hit every muscle group! or enjoy a pickup game of basketball with your friends and neighbors at our outdoor basketball court!We are excited to show you just how amazing the Joshua at Hidden Oaks Apartments is live and in person!Schedule a tour with us today!You will be amazed by all the oak trees that surround the community!Hidden Oaks5979 DeVecchi AveCitrus Heights, CA 95621Community AmenitiesTwo Sparkling Swimming Pools • Laundry Facilities • Business Center • State-of-the-Art Fitness Center • Playground • Two Relaxing Spas • Basketball Court • Gated Community • Available 24/7 to Assist You • Assigned Covered Parking • Private Detached Garages Available • On-Site Maintenance • On-Site Management • Online Resident Portal • Dog ParkApartment AmenitiesRefrigerator • Ceiling Fan • Dishwasher • Stainless Steel Efficient Appliances* • Wood Burning Fireplace with Mantle • Walk-In Closets • Private Patio or Balcony • Washer and Dryers* • Cable Ready • Central Heating and Air • Granite Counter-topsOur community is managed by First Pointe Management Group which is an award-winning team of qualified professionals with thriving real estate properties across California and the Western United States.Open 7 days a week to help our current and future residents!Monday: 9AM-6PMTuesday: 9AM-6PMWednesday: 9AM-6PMThursday: 9AM-6PMFriday: 9AM-6PMMon-Fri: 9AM-6PMSaturday: 9AM-4PMSunday: 9AM-4PMSat - Sun: 9AM-4PMFederal law prohibits housing discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, familial status, or disability.* Prices and availability are subject to change without notice.

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 14:40
Price: $1549
Latitude: 38.674838
Longitude: -121.327101
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 910
