$930 / 1br - Single room available (girl) at the U Apartments! OCTOBER RENT PAID!! (Davis, CA)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Large single room available immediately at the U apartments!!
 A single is your OWN space, so rather than sharing with a snot-nosed girl with stringy hair, you would be free to blast your favorite music, hang up whatever weird decorations you like, and keep the lights on until four thirty in the morning. In addition to your own boudoir, you'll have access to superb amenities. These include study rooms in which to occasionally do your homework, a computer room with your choice of a Mac or PC, free printing (as long as you bring your favorite tree byproduct), a pool in which you can be self-conscious in your swimsuit, and an oversized hot tub as a venue for all your steamy escapades. Sound amazing? We've only just begun. There's also a well-equipped gym to use that workout gear hiding in the back of your closet, a ping-pong table, plenty of rich Asians to play the aforementioned activity with, and a full volleyball court where you can pretend you're at the Olympics. There's also a pool table/room that is always free and air-conditioned to the perfect sixty-five degree temperature, what pool scientists say is just the right environment to get all the balls in all the holes, thus beating your opponent. 
The apartment itself is a very snazzy 4 * 2, and the bathroom you'd occupy is spacious with two sinks. This innovative feature allows you to form memorable friendships with other girls as you scrub Crest 3D-White all over those teeth. There's also a large Smart TV to argue over what movie to watch Saturday nights on Netflix with your newfound chick buddies, while never actually deciding on anything. Finally, the apartment comes fully equipped with a washer and dryer, so you never have to leave your apartment to wash your favorite day-of-the-week undies. 
Apartment rent is approximately 930 moolah a month, cheaper than West Village and nowhere else. Since the complex is quite nice, it's great at showing off to friends and making them jealous. The title itself rhymes with many things (i.e. too, true, Jew) so you can write many poems about the place if you're feeling that creative spirit. You can get to campus very quickly: just seven minutes by car, and around thirty seconds by private jet. There are not one, not two, but three Unitrans lines to serve your newfound home: The A, the Z, and the O, the latter of which is the weekend cousin of the A and the Z. The Z is typically less crowded than the A, but sometimes seems to have fewer cute guys, so you are free to pick whichever one suits your needs on the days you'd like to be driven around and stare out the window.
Nearby, there are several interesting places which you'll find are great at suiting your needs. There's an excellent Austrian bakery which serves delectable cakes, pies, and other assorted goods. Also a bit closer but of less importance are the Davis Police, who you'll often see out and about on their third donut run , looking for the nonexistent crime in Davis.
If you have any other questions, feel free to ask. The room is available immediately, and your October rent would be paid for.

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 23:19
Price: $930
Latitude: 38.546200
Longitude: -121.667600
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 0
Sqft: NA
