$1545 / 2br - 1150ft2 - They are Going FAST!! Come Get Your New Apartment Home NOW!! (ARDEN WAY/ MIDTOWN/ SACRAMENTO)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1150 Sq. Ft. 
Find the best of contemporary conveniences and luxurious accommodations at Fountains at Point West Apartments in Sacramento CA. With studio, one, two and three bedroom apartment homes available now, you can find the perfect option for yourself and your family. Enjoy the waterfront views, lush landscaping and convenient access to local freeways and shopping at our apartment community in the Arden area of Sacramento.
Living in our Sacramento apartments for rent offers you the many convenient amenities you want and an attractive location for your exciting and active lifestyle. Enjoy the theater room and free DVD rentals within the community or take a dip in one of our three, luxurious pools. Our community is also located just minutes from downtown Sacramento and conveniently near fine dining and shopping at Arden fair mall.
Our friendly and responsive staff is available now to answer your questions about our community features and apartment homes. We look forward to helping you end your search for apartments in Sacramento, CA here at Fountains at Point West. Call now or submit a form to request current availability. 
Features:
Oversized Patios and Balconies, Wood Burning Fireplaces *, Two-Tone Paint and Faux Granite Countertops, Fully Renovated Interiors*, Central Heat and Air, Exceptional Closet Space, Largest Floorplan in the Area, Beautiful Water Views, In Home W/D Available * 
*Not all amenities are available in all apartment homes.
Community Amenities:
Full-Sized Outdoor Basketball Court, Two Racquetball Courts, Gated Access Community, Distinct Studios, 1, 2, & 3 Bedroom Apartment homes, Newly Renovated Exteriors, Three Sparkling Pools, State-of-the-art Fitness Center, Theater Room, Two Tennis Courts, Fabulous 12, 000 sq. ft. Clubhouse, Free DVD Rentals, Resident Conference Room, Minutes from Downtown, Cal Expo, Arden Fair Mall and the Hornet Bus Line, Business Center, Free WI-FI in Selected Locations, Relaxing Spa, Beautiful clubhouse for resident use 
Pet Policy:
Fountains at Point West happily accepts large breed dogs. Pet Deposit $400.00 per pet Maximum pets per apartment is 2 Maximum Pet Weight is 100lbs Pet Rent $25/month 
Visit This Website to See More:
http://live.fpimgt.com/L8c2h5
Equal Housing Opportunity 
v1lA576m7R8s

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 14:49
Price: $1545
Latitude: 38.597678
Longitude: -121.431298
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1150
