$1690 / 2br - 1067ft2 - New Special! $599 Off! Move in Ready!

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1067 Sq. Ft.  Create your own suburban retreat at Somerfield at Lakeside Apartments in Elk Grove, CA. Lush landscaping, a five hole putting green, and picnic areas provide the perfect setting to unwind after a long day. Treat yourself to a break in our resident lounge or relax at our resort style pool. Somerfield at Lakeside's spacious 1, 2, and 3 bedroom apartments offer the conveniences of full sized washer and dryers and fully equipped kitchens to make everyday chores a breeze. Our controlled access community is minutes from the shopping, dining, and entertainment offer by Elk Grove Commons and Laguna Crossroads. Take a walk to Pat Perez Park or short drive to Johnson Park Recreation Center. Somerfield at Lakeside Apartments easy access to both the I-5 and Highway 99, offers an easy daily commute into Sacramento or quick weekend getaway to other Central California destinations.  Features: Central heating and air conditioning, Full sized washer and dryer, Granite countertops*, Walk-in closets*, Private patios/balconies, Stainless Steel appliances*, Alder wood cabinetry, Hardwood flooring*, Contemporary lighting, Vaulted Ceilings*, Fireplace*  Community Amenities: Playground, Pet friendly, Picnic area and barbecue grills, Online Payments Available, Enclosed garages, Swimming pool, 24-hour fitness center, Business center and WiFi access, Sun deck, Close to shopping, dining, entertainment, and golfing, Controlled access community, Convenient access to I-5 and Highway 99, Lush landscaping, Hub by Amazon: package lockers with 24/7 access, Resident lounge, 5 hole putting green  Pet Policy: We welcome you and your best friend, too! More unit details at:http://fairfield-apts.com/2r08t2Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. Equal Housing Opportunity Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. gl62H4VGx

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 13:06
Price: $1690
Latitude: 38.412707
Longitude: -121.478456
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1067
