$1550 / 1br - 714ft2 - Luxury Living, One Bedroom Condo in Roseville, MOVE IN SPECIAL (Roseville)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

MOVE IN SPECAIL!
Receive One Month Free Rent
Receive an additional $300 off your first months Rent (if you move in before November 15th)
This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 714 Sq. Ft. 
Signature Collection 
This collection of homes offers beautiful Brand NEW interiors and unique features which sets the standard for luxury living in Roseville.
FLORENCE 
This NEWLY Remodeled One Bedroom, One Bath home is 714 sq. ft. and offers an entertainment style kitchen with beautiful warm espresso custom built cabinets with brush nickel hardware, opulent granite countertops with backsplash, stainless steel appliances with smooth ceramic glass top range, spacious built in microwave, multi-cycle dishwasher, satin finish under mount sink with disposal and upgraded Moen faucet and fixtures. This particular home also offers stunning hand laid tile resembling hard wood flooring, attractive two tone paint with crown molding and modern recessed lighting. The spacious bathroom offers a unique above counter sink with contemporary waterfall faucet, granite countertops, walk in closet with French doors, personal cabinet storage and your very own relaxing oval roman soaking tub with surround opulent granite walls. 
Call us today to schedule your personal tour of this beautiful renovated home.
Great location with private patio, relaxing LARGE oval bath tub, Spacious walk-in closet with French doors and private in-home laundry room with full size washer & dryer.
Style, sophistication, beautiful landscaping and stunning architecture accent the Villages of the 
Galleria apartment homes, located in dynamic Roseville, California. Villages of the Galleria is just minutes from the Galleria Mall and Fountains at Roseville and offers easy freeway access to downtown, Sacramento International Airport, Arco Arena and major employers such as NEC, Oracle and HP. Select from a variety of one, two or three bedroom floor plans. All apartment homes offer gracious living areas with designer two-tone paint, crown molding, large walk-in closets and in home full size washer and dryer. Enjoy the many fine conveniences offered, such as an expansive fitness center, executive business center and refreshing pool. Villages of the Galleria is the perfect place to call home. 
Features:
Private Balconies and Patios, Oval Roman Soaking Tub *, Private Garages *, Energy-Saving Multi-Cycle Dishwasher, Microwave, Entertainment Style Kitchens, Six-Panel Interior Doors, Pre-Wired for High Speed Internet, Custom Maple-Front Cabinetry, Full Size Washer/Dryer, Crown Molding Accents, Spacious Walk-In Closet(s) *, Covered Parking *, Pantry *, Cozy Gas Fireplace with Mantel *, Nine-Foot Ceilings, Built-In Linen Closet in Bathroom *, Contemporary Recessed Lighting 
Community Amenities:
Executive Business Center, Close to Shopping, Sand Volleyball, Easy Access to Freeways, Community Garden, Picnic Area with Barbecue, Open Air Cabanas, Beautiful Landscaped Court Yards, Pool and Spa, Fitness Center, Professional Onsite Management w/ 24-Hour Emergency Maintenance, Playground, Gated Community, Clubhouse 
Pet Policy:
Maximum of 2 pets cats or dogs. No weight limit. Additional $25 rent per month and additional $500 deposit per pet. Inquire about our breed restrictions. 
More unit details at:
http://rcmi.aptdetails.com/9ad8p8
Equal Housing Opportunity 
I41HtZziaW

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 18:33
Price: $1550
Latitude: 38.780013
Longitude: -121.278924
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 714
