$700 / 2br - Amazing location for a furnished 2bed apartment

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
This is a rental for the entire unit with everything included
There are 2 bedrooms each with a double bed inside and the master bedroom comes with a private  bath and a dressing 
The kitchen is fuly equiped 
The home also has it own washer and dryer.
Free parking.
Pets allowed
Apt address: 500 N St, Sacramento, CA 95814
The rental price per month for the entire apartment is $700, also I'm asking for a security deposit of $700 so the total cost to move in is $1,400. 
For more pictures and information please send me an email at:  millh@forwardsend.net









You may also notice that many smoking-related symptoms have decreased, such as sinus congestion and shortness of breath with exercise.

In addition to these benefits, fibers in the lungs that help keep the lungs healthy are growing back. These fibers can help reduce excess mucus buildup and protect against bacterial infections.

Three months after your last cigarette
Within three months after quitting,  can improve her fertility as well as reduce the risk that her baby will be born prematurely.

Six months after your last cigarette
After six months of quitting, many people often notice they're better able to handle stressful events that come their way without feeling like they need to smoke.

They may also notice they're coughing up much less mucus and phlegm. This is because the airways are much less inflamed without the constant exposure to cigarette smoke and the chemicals contained within cigarettes.

One year after your last cigarette
After one year of quitting smoking, your lungs will have experienced dramatic health improvements in terms of capacity and functioning. You'll notice how much easier you breathe when you're exerting yourself and how much less coughing you have compared to when you smoked.

In addition to these health benefits, you'll have saved a dramatic amount of money. Smoking cigarettes is expensive. If you smoked a pack of cigarettes per day, you'll have saved thousands of dollars at the one-year mark.

Date Posted: October 09, 2018 at 12:15
Price: $700
Latitude: 38.580400
Longitude: -121.492200
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: NA
