$1840 / 2br - 1039ft2 - 24/7 Online Leasing & Approvals.Two Bedroom Two Bath.Private Garage. (Roseville)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Stay Warm by the Fireplace! Call Now:  show contact info
Bridges at Woodcreek Oaks 7950 Foothills Blvd, Roseville, CA, 95747Follow This Link for More Information:http://lease.conam.com/133r72 This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath  Great Roseville Location. Private Garages. Rated 5+ Stars in a Recent Resident Survey! Our goal is to make our residents smile and here at The Bridges, there's a lot to smile about. Our 1, 2, and 3-bedroom floor plans have private entrances, private garages, 9-foot ceilings, and include full-size washers/dryers. Our kitchens are large, and offer a gas stove, microwave, and built-in computer stations. Community amenities include a clubhouse, fitness center and lap pool, along with plenty of open green spaces. We are ideally located, adjacent to Hewlett Packard and home of the NEW Sutter campus workforce and steps away from Telefunken. The excellent Dry Creek District schools are close by. And, if this wasn't enough, we're proud to say our service staff is the best--having been top-rated by residents in a recent survey. Send in our online guest card, give us a call, or stop by and let our friendly staff show you around. We're sure they will make you smile, too! Features - Heat  - Additional Storage  - Dishwasher  - Large Closets  - Private Patio  - Private Balcony  - Garage  - Individual Climate Control  - Disposal  - Microwave  - Cable  - View  - Ceiling Fan  - Window Coverings  - Washer  - Fireplace  - Range  - Dryer  - Refrigerator  - Air Conditioning  - Controlled Access Community Amenities - Sauna  - Garage  - Business Center  - Pool  - Golf course Views  - Full Size Washer/Dryers  - On-site Maintenance  - 24-Hour Availability  - Fitness Center  - Free 1 Car Garage included with every unit  - Clubhouse / Pool Wi-Fi  - Spa  - Private entries  - On-site Management  - Storage Space  - Gate  - Clubhouse  - Short Term Lease  - Gas Stoves and Built-in Microwaves  - Package Receiving  - Playground  - High Speed Internet Available Pet Policy Cats are allowed.Other pets are allowed: Please call for pet policy.Restrictions or other terms: Indoor Cats Only/NO DOGS! Call for service animal policy. Office Hours Mon-Fri: 9 AM to 6 PM Sat: 9 AM to 5 PMSun: Closed Disclaimer: Please be aware of scams on Craigslist. It is our practice never to require someone to complete a credit application or provide personal credit information before touring an apartment home. Rent is based on lease term selected. Please contact office for more details. Prices subject to change.Equal Housing Opportunity rj397VJly

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 17:08
Price: $1840
Latitude: 38.780203
Longitude: -121.314992
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1039
