$1800 / 2br - 1060ft2 - Two Bedroom Condo, Spacious Home, One Month Free Rent. (Roseville)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

MOVE IN SPECIAL! One Month Free Rent
This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1060 Sq. Ft. 
AREZZO ~ This wonderful floor plan is known for its spacious layout. The entertainment style kitchen offers upgraded maple cabinetry, all major appliances and is easily accessible to the large living and dining room. This home also offers 9' ceilings with crown molding, plank style flooring, walk-in closets in both bedrooms, linen closet in guest bath, large oval tub in master bath and 2 assign parking spaces located near the home. 
Style, sophistication, beautiful landscaping and stunning architecture accent the Villages of the 
Galleria apartment homes, located in dynamic Roseville, California. Villages of the Galleria is just minutes from the Galleria Mall and Fountains at Roseville and offers easy freeway access to downtown, Sacramento International Airport, Arco Arena and major employers such as NEC, Oracle and HP. Select from a variety of one, two or three bedroom floor plans. All apartment homes offer gracious living areas with designer two-tone paint, crown molding, large walk-in closets and in home full size washer and dryer. Enjoy the many fine conveniences offered, such as an expansive fitness center, executive business center and refreshing pool. Villages of the Galleria is the perfect place to call home. 
Features:
Covered Parking *, Microwave, Private Garages *, Energy-Saving Multi-Cycle Dishwasher, Contemporary Recessed Lighting, Full Size Washer/Dryer, Oval Roman Soaking Tub *, Nine-Foot Ceilings, Pantry *, Built-In Linen Closet in Bathroom *, Entertainment Style Kitchens, Six-Panel Interior Doors, Private Balconies and Patios, Crown Molding Accents, Spacious Walk-In Closet(s) *, Custom Maple-Front Cabinetry, Pre-Wired for High Speed Internet, Cozy Gas Fireplace with Mantel * 
Community Amenities:
Gated Community, Playground, Close to Shopping, Picnic Area with Barbecue, Community Garden, Executive Business Center, Sand Volleyball, Easy Access to Freeways, Professional Onsite Management w/ 24-Hour Emergency Maintenance, Beautiful Landscaped Court Yards, Fitness Center, Open Air Cabanas, Pool and Spa, Clubhouse 
Pet Policy:
Maximum of 2 pets cats or dogs. No weight limit. Additional $25 rent per month and additional $500 deposit per pet. Inquire about our breed restrictions. 
More unit details at:
http://rcmi.aptdetails.com/v64so6
Equal Housing Opportunity 
vv8IplwD2mw

Date Posted: November 04, 2018 at 17:11
Price: $1800
Latitude: 38.779971
Longitude: -121.278934
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1060
