$1587 / 2br - 910ft2 - Lovable Two Bedroom Apartment Home Available Today! (Citrus Heights)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
If you are in the market for a spacious two-bedroom apartment home, then you simply must consider living in our Joshua model at Hidden Oaks Apartments. We have an excellent selection of apartment homes that all feature kitchens with stainless steel appliances and windows to let in a cool morning breeze. Our living rooms are spacious with a wood burning fireplace which will absolutely make your apartment home feel cozy during the upcoming Autumn and Winter season. Each of the bedrooms are separated and are very spacious with bountiful closet space. Both Bathrooms have large mirrors and counter space for you to get ready for school, work, or a night out on the town! Each unit has a stack-able washer and dryer for you save money and time doing your laundry in the convenience of your own apartment. Have Pets! Well take your dog on a scenic walk through our complex towards our dog park!Love to workout? Get your morning routine out the way by using our state-of-the-art fitness center which features treadmills, a bike, a pully station, and machines to hit every muscle group! or enjoy a pickup game of basketball with your friends and neighbors at our outdoor basketball court!We are excited to show you just how amazing the Joshua at Hidden Oaks Apartments is live and in person!Schedule a tour with us today!We cant wait to take you on a lovely tour around our beautiful complex!Hidden Oaks5979 DeVecchi AveCitrus Heights, CA 95621Community AmenitiesOn-Site Maintenance • On-Site Management • Business Center • Gated Community • Assigned Covered Parking • Private Detached Garages Available • State-of-the-Art Fitness Center • Laundry Facilities • Basketball Court • Playground • Two Sparkling Swimming Pools • Two Relaxing Spas • Available 24/7 to Assist You • Dog Park • Online Resident PortalApartment AmenitiesRefrigerator • Ceiling Fan • Dishwasher • Stainless Steel Efficient Appliances* • Wood Burning Fireplace with Mantle • Walk-In Closets • Private Patio or Balcony • Washer and Dryers* • Cable Ready • Central Heating and Air • Granite Counter-topsOur community is managed by First Pointe Management Group which is an award-winning team of qualified professionals with thriving real estate properties across California and the Western United States.We are confident you will love the community! We are excited to show you what we can offer you, So confident we are open 7 days a week!Monday: 9AM-6PMTuesday: 9AM-6PMWednesday: 9AM-6PMThursday: 9AM-6PMFriday: 9AM-6PMMon-Fri: 9AM-6PMSaturday: 9AM-4PMSunday: 9AM-4PMSat - Sun: 9AM-4PMFederal law prohibits housing discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, familial status, or disability.* Prices and availability are subject to change without notice.

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 15:11
Price: $1587
Latitude: 38.695200
Longitude: -121.307500
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 910
