$1639 / 2br - 900ft2 - Apartments in Citrus Heights: Do You Want The Best Value? (Citrus Heights)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Find Your Dream Apartment in Orangevale & Citrus Heights, CA
You deserve an apartment you're excited to come home to - and at Montage Apartments, we'll help you find the perfect fit. You'll feel like you're living in the most state-of-the-art apartment complex in the greater Sacramento area!
In addition to beautiful apartments, our complex features a plethora of amenities including three resort style pools, a yoga and cardio group room, and a world-class 24-hour fitness center complete with a brand new climbing wall!
More than just a wonderful place to relax and stay healthy, Montage Apartments is in the perfect location. Not to mention, we're conveniently located near many restaurants and various shopping centers like Sunrise Mall!
Find the Perfect Apartment in Orangevale or Citrus Heights, CA
When you make Montage Apartments your new home, you're choosing to live in a beautiful apartment complex with state-of-the-art amenities and a location that's perfect for any lifestyle. Situated within the San Juan Unified School District near both Sierra College and American River College, we're close to a number of natural and urban attractions. We're happily accepting new tenants, and we have both 1 and 2 bedroom apartments for rent in a variety of sizes and floor plans.Act now to take advantage of our limited-time specials!$600 OFF Your First Month's Rent on small 1BRs and $250 Off YOUR First Month's Rent on all other unit types! However, if you'd just prefer a lower rate, just ask the office to prorate the special! Hurry now before special ends!Our amenities include:Quartz Countertops*
Washer and Dryer Included
Wifi throughout Main Pool, Clubhouse & Fitness Center
Gated Community  Controlled Access
Three Resort Style Pools with Cabanas
Prices starting at: $1639Call  show contact info
For more information, visit us at: liveatjrk.com/montage_dc9e458d_498352Equal Housing OpportunityWe go to great lengths to comply with the Fair Housing Act, which prohibits "any preference, limitation, or discrimination because of race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin, or intention to make such preference, limitation or discrimination."

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 06:50
Price: $1639
Latitude: 38.684098
Longitude: -121.262398
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 900
