$1475 / 1br - 714ft2 - One Bedroom Condo, ONE MONTH FREE RENT! Roseville (Roseville)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 714 Sq. Ft. 
FLORENCE
This designer One Bedroom, One Bath home is 714 sq. ft. and is located in a Prestigious Luxury Gated Community near the Galleria Mall. This home offers dramatic 9 foot ceilings, crown molding, upgraded maple cabinetry, a unique walk-in closet with French doors, spacious bathroom with large oval tub and laundry room with full size washer & dryer.
Great location with private patio, relaxing LARGE oval bath tub, Spacious walk-in closet with French doors and private in-home laundry room with full size washer & dryer.
Style, sophistication, beautiful landscaping and stunning architecture accent the Villages of the 
Galleria apartment homes, located in dynamic Roseville, California. Villages of the Galleria is just minutes from the Galleria Mall and Fountains at Roseville and offers easy freeway access to downtown, Sacramento International Airport, Arco Arena and major employers such as NEC, Oracle and HP. Select from a variety of one, two or three bedroom floor plans. All apartment homes offer gracious living areas with designer two-tone paint, crown molding, large walk-in closets and in home full size washer and dryer. Enjoy the many fine conveniences offered, such as an expansive fitness center, executive business center and refreshing pool. Villages of the Galleria is the perfect place to call home. 
Features:
Contemporary Recessed Lighting, Built-In Linen Closet in Bathroom *, Pantry *, Crown Molding Accents, Private Garages *, Cozy Gas Fireplace with Mantel *, Entertainment Style Kitchens, Custom Maple-Front Cabinetry, Spacious Walk-In Closet(s) *, Oval Roman Soaking Tub *, Energy-Saving Multi-Cycle Dishwasher, Full Size Washer/Dryer, Microwave, Nine-Foot Ceilings, Covered Parking *, Private Balconies and Patios, Six-Panel Interior Doors, Pre-Wired for High Speed Internet 
Community Amenities:
Fitness Center, Professional Onsite Management w/ 24-Hour Emergency Maintenance, Close to Shopping, Executive Business Center, Playground, Picnic Area with Barbecue, Pool and Spa, Gated Community, Beautiful Landscaped Court Yards, Open Air Cabanas, Community Garden, Easy Access to Freeways, Clubhouse, Sand Volleyball 
Pet Policy:
Maximum of 2 pets cats or dogs. No weight limit. Additional $25 rent per month and additional $500 deposit per pet. Inquire about our breed restrictions. 
Visit This Website to See More:
http://rcmi.aptdetails.com/521vw8
Equal Housing Opportunity 
VzasmLpc3G

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 17:33
Price: $1475
Latitude: 38.780021
Longitude: -121.278913
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 714
