$1350 / 1br - 866ft2 - Going... Going... GONE! Limited Availability! Reserve Your New Home! (Rocklin)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 866 Sq. Ft. 
Welcome to Shaliko Apartments in beautiful Rocklin, CA. Here you will find Mediterranean style apartment homes that have been specifically designed for comfort and convenience. Shaliko offers a variety of spacious one and two bedroom apartments with distinctive floor plans and spectacular amenities. Our beautiful apartments feature hardwood flooring, walk-in closets, vaulted ceilings, wood burning fireplaces, and full size washer & dryer.
Shaliko residents also find solace in our beautiful community amenities, including our bubbling spa, dry sauna, sparkling swimming pool, deluxe fitness center, racquetball court, and much more. Shaliko apartments are conveniently located near the corner of Sierra College Blvd and Rocklin Road, giving you quick access to Interstate 80 and all of the best shopping, dining, and entertainment our area has to offer. We are also within walking distance to Sierra College, providing a quiet and comfortable student living alternative.
With our stunning apartments, cozy community, and convenient location, Shaliko apartments is sure to exceed all of your apartment living expectations. Call today and schedule your personalized tour to discover your new Rocklin apartment at Shaliko. 
Features:
Hard Wood Flooring, Full Size Washer & Dryer, Microwave, Wood Burning Fireplace, Vaulted Ceilings, Walk in closet, Ceiling Fan, Balcony, Dishwasher, Two-Toned Paint, Air Conditioning, Patio 
Community Amenities:
Dry Sauna, Fitness Center, Swimming Pool, Racquetball Court, Poolside Resident Lounge, WI-FI Resident Lounge, Dual Sided Fireplace with Attached Gas Grills, Basketball Court, Business Center, Club House, Kids Playground, Spa 
Pet Policy:
Up to 50 pounds. $500 deposit for the 1st pet. $350 for the second pet. $35.00 Monthly Pet rent 
Use this link for more info:
http://live.fpimgt.com/1nci55
Equal Housing Opportunity 
w18CCuBfp5

Date Posted: October 06, 2018 at 14:06
Price: $1350
Latitude: 38.784914
Longitude: -121.209010
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 866
