$1050 / 2br - Rancho Cordova Quiet Gated: $250 Move In Allowance (Rancho Cordova)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
MUST SEE*****BEST APARTMENT IN THIS PRICE RANGE.
	WELL MANAGED AND UPGRADED APARTMENT COMMUNITY
	A GREAT PLACE TO CALL HOME
Walnut Arms Apartments is located at 2730 Don Juan, Dr. and is a 25 unit, well managed, apartment complex located in a quiet residential neighborhood. Swim in our sparkling pool or sit under a shade tree on our spacious and manicured grounds! Walnut Arms is conveniently located near parks, elementary schools and is walking distance to shopping and light rail. All of our apartments are large 2 bedroom apartments upgraded with the latest air conditioning/heating technology, dual pane windows and patio doors, appliances, doors and floor coverings.  
We have available after Oct. 1 a downsstairs unit with private patio, new wood floors, new kitchen flooring and new quartz stone countertops.   Rent is $1,050.00/mo. Our rents remain below market to attract good, long-term, quiet and friendly tenants.  Find out why our residents stay for long terms. (Pictures of Apartments do not represent all apartments)
FREE OCTOBER RENT or $250 OFF NOV 1, 2018 RENT
The Walnut Arms Apartments have the following amenities:
 . Sparkling pool
 . Gated Parking & Entry with Video Monitoring
 . On site laundry facilities
 . Electric range/stove
 . Full size refrigerator
 . Ceiling fans
 . Recent Heater/AC
 . Large private patios on downstairs units, balconies on upstairs units.
 . In residential neighborhood, near parks and schools, but away from other apartment complexes.
 . Walnut Arms is managed and well cared for attracting quiet and considerate neighbors.
 . Beautifully landscaped and maintained grounds.
 . Walk to light rail and shopping!
Come visit us:  From Zinfandel, go east on Folsom Blvd one block turn left on Don Juan Dr
or Call our helpful, can-do on-site property manager, Christine, at   show contact info

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 15:36
Price: $1050
Latitude: 38.599167
Longitude: -121.285847
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
