$1775 / 1br - 750ft2 - $500 OFF LOOK & LEASE!!  HUGE 1b READY! Perfect Midtown Location! (Sacramento/Midtown)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
St. Anton Building - 1 bed/1 bath Rent............. $1775 a month Deposit........ $350 Bedrooms.... 1 bedrooms Bathrooms... 1 bathrooms Sq. Feet.......750 Set in Midtown Sacramento, close to fine dining and shopping. Our apartments have a lovely kitchen with granite countertops, stainless steel appliances, dish washer, garbage disposal, electric oven with overhead microwave and tile flooring. Washer and Dryer included in unit. Large bay windows, 10 foot ceilings with crown molding and ceiling fans throughout. Elevator service to all 5 levels of our building. We offer large patio spaces with room for a gas BBQ and patio furniture. Large bedroom with walk in closet and very large bathroom. Dry cleaning pickup and delivery services. Secured parking available. Finally! Luxury Living in a Midtown Setting... The St. Anton Building is located in beautiful Midtown Sacramento and offers gorgeous studio, 1 bedroom, and 2 bedroom luxury apartments. Experience Midtown Sacramento living at its finest. The St. Anton Building offers panoramic views from large bay windows, designer interiors, gourmet kitchens, granite countertops, tiled floors, oversiz
Finally! Luxury Living in a Midtown Setting... The St. Anton Building is located in beautiful Midtown Sacramento and offers gorgeous studio, 1 bedroom, and 2 bedroom luxury apartments. Experience Midtown Sacramento living at its finest. The St. Anton Building offers panoramic views from large bay windows, designer interiors, gourmet kitchens, granite countertops, tiled floors, over sized bathtubs, and concierge-style services. It is walking distance to shopping and fine dining so you can live the Midtown/Downtown lifestyle you've been looking for. The St. Anton Building has a private parking garage available to our residents. Residents can also enjoy a community fitness area, and a top floor rooftop terrace with a barbecue and lounge. "Rent, specials and/or offers are subject to change at any time." Please call or stop by the St. Anton Building.

http://www.stantonbuilding.com/u/be32xgs
Feel free to telephone us at:  show contact info
  Large Closets BBQ / Picnic Area Individual Climate Control Balcony Microwave Pet friendly dog & cat under 25 pounds. Garage Additional Storage OnSite Maintenance View Range (Electric) Wheel Chair Below our lovely apartements Skybox Grill and Bar. Dryer (Electric) Dishwasher Ceiling Fan Covered Parking Heat (Electric) Terrace includes large stainless steel BBQ,tables,lounges,great view. Washer windows, levels Setting... unit. services. barbecue distance patio Secured foot granite all molding kitchens, lounge. dish parking private and fine walking terrace large pickup oversiz Dry beautiful is 2 at have garbage bedroom, included crown bathtubs, 5 offer living finest. gourmet walk the closet Midtown/Downtown cleaning fans oven offers any

Date Posted: October 22, 2018 at 12:54
Price: $1775
Latitude: 38.574098
Longitude: -121.479377
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 750
