$875 Room in Midtown! (26th and N St.)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
3BR / 1Ba available nov 15
apartment 
washer & dryer included
street parking (pass provided upon move-in)
Room open in Midtown! 
Prime location near Ink & Eats, Starbucks, and Team Ride. Mostly everything is in walking distance, or is a super cheap lyft ride away. 
One of the room mates is moving out to her boyfriend's house, leaving one room open for you!! (this means this is a SUBLEASE until September 1st, 2019). Rent is $875 + $700 security deposit. The house is 3 bedrooms, and one bathroom. There will be a street parking pass provided for your car. This posting is for a younger individual (24-35). We would prefer to not have a couple! We have a washer and dryer (rare for Midtown) :) 
ROOMMATES - 
two F roommates!
Haley is 24 years old and Sam is 26 years old. Both are working individuals with 8am-5pm (weekday) jobs which means from Sunday - Thursday, it should be pretty quiet around 10 pm. There is one older dog, Waldo, who is 25lbs. He's finicky with other animals, so we'd prefer if you did not have one. S enjoys camping, cooking, and xbox. H enjoys running, soccer, and cooking as well. 
We both are fun women who take pride in ourselves and exercise frequently. We definitely like to go out on the weekends but work hard during the week. 
H + S are both CLEAN individuals, which means no dishes in the sink, and picking up after yourself on a daily basis. We clean the house once a week, and a deep clean 2x a month that includes mopping and vacuuming. You would be expected to help clean! 
ABOUT YOU - when you respond to this posting, please answer these questions! 
Age & Gender - 
Occupation - 
Current living situation - 
Reason for relocation - 
General Interests - 
Small bit of any information you think will help us choose you for our new room mate-
P.S. - If you have a TV for the living room, bonus points for you!

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 11:31
Price: $875
Latitude: 38.570116
Longitude: -121.473808
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: NA
