$1860 / 1br - 785ft2 - Top floor one bedroom with lots of natural light! (Sacramento)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Come Visit Us Today!
LINQ Midtown
3111 S Street
Sacramento, CA 95816
Amazing 1 bedroom apartment with a huge walk-in closet in master suite! LINQ Midtown apartments are redefining your living experience, featuring luxury apartments for rent in Midtown Sacramento. Our stylish studios, one and two bedroom floor plans are filled with first class features and five-star amenities. Let us show you what it is like to live with resort-style features, including a pool, outdoor patio with fire pit and entertainment room for your friends and neighbors.
Apartment: B424
Floorplan: A3
Size: 785sq feet
Price: $1860
EMBRACE THE LIFESTYLE
Find enjoyment and entertainment at LINQ Midtown. With an exceptional variety of luxurious amenities coupled with an unparalleled location, our community brings everything you need to your doorstep. If you desire fine living and convenience, our community is the right place for you! Community Amenities
Top-of-the-line Equipment • Game Room w/Shuffleboard and Ping Pong • Package Concierge • Pet Spa with Washing Station and Grooming Table • One Block from Light Rail Station • Parking Garage • Bicycle Storage • Bark Park • Controlled Access Building • Downtown Sacramento Energy and Excitement • Green Friendly Community • Demonstration Kitchen • Multi-Screen Billiards Room • Onsite Recycling Program • Onsite Retail • Poolside Fire Pit and Barbeque Grills • Resident Lounge • Resort-Inspired Pool • Serene Courtyards • Smoke-Free Community • We Love Pets!* • Wi-Fi in Common Areas
Apartment Amenities
Additional Storage Available* • Appliance Package • Custom Modern Cabinetry • Energy Efficient Lighting • Energy Efficient Windows • Energy Star Appliances • Expansive Windows • Personal Patio or Balcony • Plush Carpeting • Programmable Thermostats • Spacious Studio, One and Two Bedroom Apartments and Townhomes • Wood-Style Flooring • Wired for TechnologyCertain floor plans may have different amenities depending on when they were updated, what building they're in, etc. To tour our floor plans and see what amenities may be available, please call us at  show contact info

*Restrictions Apply. See Sales Associate for Details.

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 10:40
Price: $1860
Latitude: 38.562848
Longitude: -121.468942
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 785
