$1800 / 2br - 1039ft2 - Luxury Two Bedroom In Great Roseville Location*Garage*Washer/Dryer Inc (Roseville)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Great Roseville Location. Private Garages. Rated 5+ Stars in a Recent Resident Survey! Our goal is to make our residents smile and here at The Bridges, there's a lot to smile about. Our 1, 2, and 3-bedroom floor plans have private entrances, private garages, 9-foot ceilings, and include full-size washers/dryers. Our kitchens are large, and offer a gas stove, microwave, and built-in computer stations. Community amenities include a clubhouse, fitness center and lap pool, along with plenty of open green spaces. We are ideally located, adjacent to Hewlett Packard and home of the NEW Sutter campus workforce and steps away from Telefunken. The excellent Dry Creek District schools are close by. And, if this wasn't enough, we're proud to say our service staff is the best--having been top-rated by residents in a recent survey. Send in our online guest card, give us a call, or stop by and let our friendly staff show you around. We're sure they will make you smile, too!  Call Now:  show contact info
Interested in more information? See link below:http://lease.conam.com/bne30s This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath Features - Dishwasher  - Fireplace  - Large Closets  - Washer  - Refrigerator  - Additional Storage  - Window Coverings  - Private Patio  - Dryer  - Disposal  - Private Balcony  - Ceiling Fan  - Heat  - Air Conditioning  - Controlled Access  - Garage  - View  - Microwave  - Individual Climate Control  - Cable  - Range Community Amenities - Clubhouse / Pool Wi-Fi  - Golf course Views  - Business Center  - Storage Space  - On-site Maintenance  - Gas Stoves and Built-in Microwaves  - Package Receiving  - Spa  - Gate  - 24-Hour Availability  - High Speed Internet Available  - Fitness Center  - Private entries  - Sauna  - Full Size Washer/Dryers  - Free 1 Car Garage included with every unit  - Clubhouse  - Short Term Lease  - Pool  - Playground  - On-site Management  - Garage Pet Policy Cats are allowed.Other pets are allowed: Please call for pet policy.Restrictions or other terms: Indoor Cats Only/NO DOGS! Call for service animal policy. Office Hours Mon-Fri: 9 AM to 6 PM Sat: 9 AM to 5 PMSun: Closed Bridges at Woodcreek Oaks 7950 Foothills Blvd, Roseville, CA, 95747Disclaimer: Please be aware of scams on Craigslist. It is our practice never to require someone to complete a credit application or provide personal credit information before touring an apartment home. Rent is based on lease term selected. Please contact office for more details. Prices subject to change.Equal Housing Opportunity lteGC4e0Ku

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 11:09
Price: $1800
Latitude: 38.780233
Longitude: -121.314799
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1039
