$1205 / 1br - 610ft2 - Elegant One Bedroom Apartment Home in Citrus Heights! Washer and Dryer Included! (Citrus Heights)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Surround yourself with over 16 acres of mature oak trees and enjoy the privacy of a community all its own. Nearby shopping, recreation, and entertainment allow you to spend your leisure time however you please. Our apartment features include wood burning fireplaces, walk-in closets, washer and dryer in unit, patio or balcony, and private garages. You will also have access to our wonderful community amenities such as two sparkling pools and spas, tot lot, state-of-the-art fitness center, basketball court, three convenient laundry facilities, and resident business center. At Hidden Oaks, we'll show you that city life doesn't mean you have to give up your taste for the country. Our professional on-site staff is here to assist you in making your home at Hidden Oaks a comfortable and peaceful one. We also offer pet-friendly apartments.Updated kitchen, granite counter tops, dishwasher, microwave, washer/dryer and real wood burning fireplace!Community AmenitiesBusiness Center • Gated Community • Available 24/7 to Assist You • Assigned Covered Parking • Private Detached Garages Available • On-Site Maintenance • Online Resident PortalApartment AmenitiesRefrigerator • Ceiling Fan • Dishwasher • Stainless Steel Efficient Appliances* • Wood Burning Fireplace with Mantle • Walk-In Closets • Private Patio or Balcony • Washer and Dryers* • Cable Ready • Central Heating and Air • Granite Counter-topsConveniently located near Target, Walmart, Safeway, Grocery Outlet, Starbucks (over 5 in the surrounding area), La Bou, Dutch Bros, California Family Fitness and 24 hour fitness.Hidden Oaks5979 DeVecchi AveCitrus Heights, CA 95621We are happy to show you are beautiful apartment community. Open Saturdays and Sundays!!!Monday: 9AM-6PMTuesday: 9AM-6PMWednesday: 9AM-6PMThursday: 9AM-6PMFriday: 9AM-6PMMon-Fri: 9AM-6PMSaturday: 9AM-4PMSunday: 9AM-4PMSat - Sun: 9AM-4PMHere at Hidden Oaks we strive on being a pet friendly community! Bring your dog to the tour! Our dog park is excellent!Pets -  allowed, Max weight 40 lb each, Deposit $500.00Comments: $500 deposit for the 1st pet, additional $250 for the 2nd pet. Breed restrictions apply.  A deposit and rent charge is required for each pet.Cats -  allowedDogs -  allowedProfessionally managed by First Pointe Management Group. Since 1974, we have invested heavily in the acquisition and development of our properties near and far, ensuring both the healthy future of our business for our employees, and quality of life for those who choose to live as our tenants.Federal law prohibits housing discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, familial status, or disability.* Prices and availability are subject to change without notice.

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 09:29
Price: $1205
Latitude: 38.674838
Longitude: -121.327101
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 610
