$1475 / 1br - 714ft2 - Private Communtiy Near the Galleria Mall, One Bedroom Condo (Roseville)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Roseville's Premier Luxury Condominium RentalsRECEIVE ONE MONTH FREE RENT! FLORENCEThis designer One Bedroom, One Bath home is 714 sq. ft. and is located in a Prestigious Luxury Gated Community near the Galleria Mall. This home offers dramatic 9 foot ceilings, crown molding, upgraded maple cabinetry, a unique walk-in closet with French doors, spacious bathroom with large oval tub and laundry room with full size washer & dryer.Great location with private patio, relaxing LARGE oval bath tub, Spacious walk-in closet with French doors and private in-home laundry room with full size washer & dryer.Style, sophistication, beautiful landscaping and stunning architecture accent the Villages of the Galleria apartment homes, located in dynamic Roseville, California. Villages of the Galleria is just minutes from the Galleria Mall and Fountains at Roseville and offers easy freeway access to downtown, Sacramento International Airport, Arco Arena and major employers such as NEC, Oracle and HP. Select from a variety of one, two or three bedroom floor plans. All apartment homes offer gracious living areas with designer two-tone paint, crown molding, large walk-in closets and in home full size washer and dryer. Enjoy the many fine conveniences offered, such as an expansive fitness center, executive business center and refreshing pool. Villages of the Galleria is the perfect place to call home.  Call Now:  show contact info
Follow The Link Below:http://rcmi.aptdetails.com/6ai471 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 714 Sq. Ft. Features - Oval Roman Soaking Tub *  - Nine-Foot Ceilings  - Entertainment Style Kitchens  - Spacious Walk-In Closet(s) *  - Built-In Linen Closet in Bathroom *  - Private Garages *  - Contemporary Recessed Lighting  - Pre-Wired for High Speed Internet  - Cozy Gas Fireplace with Mantel *  - Six-Panel Interior Doors  - Microwave  - Private Balconies and Patios  - Covered Parking *  - Pantry *  - Custom Maple-Front Cabinetry  - Energy-Saving Multi-Cycle Dishwasher  - Full Size Washer/Dryer  - Crown Molding Accents Community Amenities - Executive Business Center  - Close to Shopping  - Gated Community  - Easy Access to Freeways  - Picnic Area with Barbecue  - Open Air Cabanas  - Pool and Spa  - Playground  - Beautiful Landscaped Court Yards  - Fitness Center  - Clubhouse  - Sand Volleyball  - Professional Onsite Management w/ 24-Hour Emergency Maintenance  - Community Garden Pet Policy Maximum of 2 pets cats or dogs. No weight limit. Additional $25 rent per month and additional $500 deposit per pet. Inquire about our breed restrictions. Office Hours Monday - Friday 9:00 AM - 6:00 PMSaturday 10:00 AM - 5:00 PMSunday 12:00 PM - 5:00 PM Villages of the Galleria 701 Gibson Drive, Roseville, CA, 95678Equal Housing Opportunity F48gKOQjGold

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 11:55
Price: $1475
Latitude: 38.780013
Longitude: -121.278934
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 714
