$1060 / 480ft2 - Spacious Studio available NOW! $199 Deposit OAC!!! (Sacramento)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Discover Kensington Apartments in Sacramento, where you'll find an oasis of mature trees, serene courtyards and richly landscaped pathways. Modern architecture creates a unique silhouette against the California sky, while resort-style amenities and warm, inviting interiors welcome you home each day. While living in these exquisite Sacramento apartments, you'll enjoy bright and spacious one-, two-and three-bedroom apartment homes with recently updated designer finishes. Ideally located in the popular Arden Arcade neighborhood, our pet-friendly community provides affordable luxury living with access to the freeway or public transportation and a number of coveted schools within the San Juan School District. Discover modern conveniences in a stylish setting that offers all the comforts of home. Discover your new home at Kensington Apartments today!A Life Made for LivingFloor-to-ceiling windows. Landscaped views. Vaulted ceilings. Each spacious Kensington apartment home is thoughtfully designed with your comfort in mind.Community Amenities10 Min Walk to Del Paso Manor Elementary, a California Distinguished Schools Award Winner • Affordable Housing Options* • Complete Fitness Center • Controlled Access Entry* • Convenient Freeway Access to I-80 and Hwy 50 • Green Friendly Community • Minutes To Shopping, Malls and School • Onsite Recycling Program • Resident Lounge Available To Rent For Parties • Three Resort-Inspired Pools and a Relaxing Spa • We Love Pets!*Apartment AmenitiesAdditional Storage on Personal Patios • Air Conditioning and Ceiling Fans • Expansive Windows Frame Views Of Mature Landscaping and Charming Courtyards • Floor-To-Ceiling Windows Allow Ample Natural Light Deep Into Each Home • One, Two and Three Bedroom Apartment Homes • Personal Balcony or Patio • Programmable Thermostats • Recent Interior Upgrades • Walk-In Closets Provide Ample Storage*Certain floor plans may have different amenities depending on when they were updated, what building they're in, etc. To tour our floor plans and see what amenities may be available, please call us at  show contact info
*Restrictions Apply, See Associates for Details.  Url: http://www.liveatkensington.com/t/ad?ref=54d5de71f0d6882d6fa9a6e07073bf5dKensington Apartments3644 Kings WaySacramento, CA 95821Mon-Fri: 10AM-6PMSaturday: 10AM-6PMSunday: 10AM-5PMFederal law prohibits housing discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, familial status, or disability.

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 15:00
Price: $1060
Latitude: 38.614157
Longitude: -121.377765
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 480
