$1575 / 1br - 809ft2 - Falling Leaves, Falling Prices. Here At Vineyard Gate Apartments (Sacramento , Roseville)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Reduced Rent on Select Homes! A Taste of the Good Life! When it comes to surpassing expectations, Vineyard Gate Apartments in Roseville, CA makes the ultimate lifestyle statement. We offer spacious one, two and three-bedroom floor plans available for rent. Each unit is complete with 9-foot ceilings, in-unit washer and dryer, plenty of storage and oversized, arched patio/balconies. Take advantage of what our beautiful community has to offer whether it's getting in shape at our 24hr strength and cardio fitness center, relaxing after a long day in our refreshing heated pool or whirlpool spa or grilling at our exquisite BBQ Lounge Area. We are also a pet-friendly community so let your furry companion run and play at our onsite Happy Tails Dog Park!Our Roseville, CA apartments are ideally situated near fine dining, upscale shopping centers, Award Winning Schools and golf courses. Vineyard Gate offers the essence of luxury living. Offering a large variety of culture and entertainment venues within and around the city provide a way for Residents to take refuge from the hustle and bustle of a busy schedule. Close to Hwy 65 and Interstate 80, you're just a short drive from the best California has to offer...Downtown Sacramento, San Francisco, Napa Valley and South Lake Tahoe.With a wealth of amenities complemented by our experienced, professional and friendly staff, you will find coming home to Vineyard Gate Apartments in Roseville, CA to be the best part of your day! Call and schedule your personal tour to discover your new home at Vineyard Gate Apartments in Roseville, CA!  Call Now:  show contact info
 x 54OR Text 54 to  show contact info
 to text our team directly.Follow The Link Below:http://live.fpimgt.com/hw4378 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 809 Sq. Ft. Features - Ceiling Fans  - Cable or Satellite  - Private Storage  - Space Saver Microwave  - Dual Master Suites  - Oversized Arched Patio/Balconies  - Washer and Dryer  - Stainless Steel GE Appliances*  - Wood Laminate Flooring*  - Refrigerator  - Dishwasher  - Doorstep Valet Living Service  - Custom Designed Cabinetry*  - 9 Foot Ceilings  - Gas Fireplace*  - Granite Surfaces*  - Air Conditioners * Only available in select apartments Community Amenities - Gated Community  - Private Garages  - Electronic Parcel Lockers  - 24/7 Electronic Parcel Lockers  - Concierge  - Courtesy Patrol  - Business Center  - On Site Management  - Resort Style Pool  - 24-Hour Fitness Gym  - Relaxing Whirpool Spa  - Playground Area  - Gas BBQ/ Lounge Area  - Club House  - Dog park  - Online Payments Available  - On Site Maintenance  - 2 BBQ Picnic Areas  - TV Lounge Income Requirements: 2.5 times rentOffice Hours Monday-Saturday:8:30AM-5:00PMVineyard Gate 1601 Vineyard Rd, Roseville, CA, 95747Equal Housing Opportunity EmSrxX5TyRty

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 16:41
Price: $1575
Latitude: 38.770300
Longitude: -121.337200
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 809
