$1475 / 2br - 854ft2 - Live in Leisure At  Montage Apartments in Citrus Heights! (Citrus Heights)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Find Your Dream Apartment in Orangevale & Citrus Heights, CA
You deserve an apartment you're excited to come home to - and at Montage Apartments, we'll help you find the perfect fit. Not to mention, we're conveniently located near many restaurants and various shopping centers like Sunrise Mall!
Find the Perfect Apartment in Orangevale or Citrus Heights, CA
When you make Montage Apartments your new home, you're choosing to live in a beautiful apartment complex with state-of-the-art amenities and a location that's perfect for any lifestyle. Situated within the San Juan Unified School District near both Sierra College and American River College, we're close to a number of natural and urban attractions. With an excellent location and world-class amenities, Montage Apartments to find an ideal one or two bedroom apartment!
Relax. We're happily accepting new tenants, and we have both 1 and 2 bedroom apartments for rent in a variety of sizes and floor plans.
Our amenities include:
• Wifi throughout Main Pool, Clubhouse & Fitness Center
• Yoga and Cardio Group Room
• Adjacent to Tempo Park & Arcade Creek Nature Area
• Central Air/Heating
• State-of-the-art Fitness Center
Act now to take advantage of our limited-time specials!
$600 OFF Your First Month's Rent on small 1BRs and $250 Off YOUR First Month's Rent on all other unit types! However, if you'd just prefer a lower rate, just ask the office to prorate the special! Hurry now before special ends!
Prices starting at: $1475
Call  show contact info

For more information, visit us at: liveatjrk.com/montage_125ae488_498347
Equal Housing Opportunity
We go to great lengths to comply with the Fair Housing Act, which prohibits "any preference, limitation, or discrimination because of race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin, or intention to make such preference, limitation or discrimination."

Date Posted: November 04, 2018 at 05:20
Price: $1475
Latitude: 38.684098
Longitude: -121.262398
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 854
