$1525 / 1br - 767ft2 - Close to shopping, dining, entertainment, and golfing, Swimming pool

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 767 Sq. Ft.  Create your own suburban retreat at Somerfield at Lakeside Apartments in Elk Grove, CA. Lush landscaping, a five hole putting green, and picnic areas provide the perfect setting to unwind after a long day. Treat yourself to a break in our resident lounge or relax at our resort style pool. Somerfield at Lakeside's spacious 1, 2, and 3 bedroom apartments offer the conveniences of full sized washer and dryers and fully equipped kitchens to make everyday chores a breeze. Our controlled access community is minutes from the shopping, dining, and entertainment offer by Elk Grove Commons and Laguna Crossroads. Take a walk to Pat Perez Park or short drive to Johnson Park Recreation Center. Somerfield at Lakeside Apartments easy access to both the I-5 and Highway 99, offers an easy daily commute into Sacramento or quick weekend getaway to other Central California destinations.  Features: Stainless Steel appliances*, Private patios/balconies, Walk-in closets*, Vaulted Ceilings*, Central heating and air conditioning, Fireplace*, Granite countertops*, Hardwood flooring*, Alder wood cabinetry, Contemporary lighting, Full sized washer and dryer  Community Amenities: 5 hole putting green, Picnic area and barbecue grills, Swimming pool, Hub by Amazon: package lockers with 24/7 access, 24-hour fitness center, Lush landscaping, Pet friendly, Close to shopping, dining, entertainment, and golfing, Sun deck, Online Payments Available, Business center and WiFi access, Enclosed garages, Playground, Controlled access community, Resident lounge, Convenient access to I-5 and Highway 99  Pet Policy: We welcome you and your best friend, too! Interested in more information? See link below:http://fairfield-apts.com/qr894zPhotos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. Equal Housing Opportunity Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. 5OmIjFfvyV

Date Posted: November 04, 2018 at 10:52
Price: $1525
Latitude: 38.412707
Longitude: -121.478456
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 767
