$1320 / 1br - 820ft2 - ONE LEFT! Spacious, Newly Renovated 1BR in Roseville - Tour Today! (Roseville)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Welcome To Your New Home! Welcome Home to Sonterra Luxury Living Call Now:  show contact info
Sonterra 700 Vallejo Avenue, Roseville, CA, 95678More unit details at:http://lease.conam.com/038985 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 820 Sq. Ft.  Sonterra Living offers an ideal location in Roseville, CA with expansive 1 and 2 bedroom apartment homes for rent, plus we are conveniently near Westfield Galleria Mall and premier area restaurants. Not to mention, living at Sonterra you can take advantage of the highly acclaimed and award winning Roseville City School District.At Sonterra you will feel at home nestled in a tranquil neighborhood located with beautifully landscaped grounds. We have all amenities for you to enjoy; like working out in our 24-hr state of the art fitness center or, relax and meditate in our zen garden accompanied by a soothing water feature. Perhaps relaxing in our refreshing pool or our year-round heated spa. Finish off your day by enjoying time with friends and family cooking at our outdoor poolside BBQ or under one of our several arbor shaded BBQ areas throughout the community. Your pets are welcome at Sonterra with breed restrictions and applicable deposits. Finally, for your convenience we provide a business center with WiFi and package concierge. Sonterra presents apartment homes with brand new kitchens with granite counter tops, new cabinetry, stainless steel appliances, full size side-by-side washer and dryer, vinyl plank flooring, wood burning fireplace, abundant storage and more. Each home also includes a courtyard style patio or balcony for enjoying evenings with friends, neighbors or family. Stop by and visit Sonterra today!! Features - Microwaves  - Extra Storage  - Ceiling Fan  - Designer Carpet  - Dishwasher  - Brand New Gourmet Kitchens  - Window Covering  - Garbage Disposal  - Full Size, Side by Side Washer and Dryer  - Wood Burning Fireplace *  - Walk In Closets *  - Central Heat and Air Conditioning  - New Cabinetry  - Cable or Satellite  - Spacious 1 and 2 Bedroom Apartments  - Luxury Plank Flooring  - Stainless Steel Appliances  - Court Yard Style Patio or Balcony  - Vaulted Ceilings  - Granite Counter Tops  - Broadband Internet Access * In Select Homes Community Amenities - Poolside Outdoor BBQ with Built In Coolers for Refreshments  - Close to Freeway's  - Close to Public Transportation  - Beautiful Clubhouse with Fireplace  - Resident Club House  - Garages Available  - 24-Hour Fitness Facility  - Arbor Shaded BBQ Areas Throughout  - Outdoor Fireplace with Comfortable Seating Area  - Refreshing Pool and Spa  - Covered Parking  - Executive Business Center Onsite with Wi-Fi  - Disability Access  - Zen Garden with Soothing Water Feature  - Near Westfield Galleria Mall and Premier Dining  - Located in the Highly Acclaimed and Award Winning Roseville City School District  - Accepts Credit Card Payments Online Pet Policy Pets welcome with breed restrictions and applicable deposits. $500 pet deposit and maximum weight is 40lbs. Office Hours Mon - Fri 8:30am-5:30pmSat 10am-5pmClosed Sunday Disclaimer: Please be aware of scams on Craigslist. It is our practice never to require someone to complete a credit application or provide personal credit information before touring an apartment home. Rent is based on lease term selected. Please contact office for more details. Prices subject to change.Equal Housing Opportunity C1IFP8Aiy

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 10:17
Price: $1320
Latitude: 38.760425
Longitude: -121.297925
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 820
