$1306 / 1br - 640ft2 - Large 1BR Luxury Apartment Going Fast! (Citrus Heights)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Enjoy a visit any day of the week, we are open 7 days for Residents and you. Our professional staff is here to help.Hidden Oaks5979 DeVecchi AveCitrus Heights, CA 95621Community AmenitiesBusiness Center • Gated Community • Available 24/7 to Assist You • Assigned Covered Parking • Private Detached Garages Available • On-Site Maintenance • Online Resident PortalApartment AmenitiesRefrigerator • Ceiling Fan • Dishwasher • Stainless Steel Efficient Appliances* • Wood Burning Fireplace with Mantle • Walk-In Closets • Private Patio or Balcony • Washer and Dryers* • Cable Ready • Central Heating and Air • Granite Counter-topsLocated in beautiful Citrus Heights, CA, Hidden Oaks Apartments offers luxurious 1 & 2 bedroom apartment homes. Our one bedroom, one bathroom Aspen model is the perfect place to call your new home as is it offers a spacious living room with a wood burning fireplace. A cozy kitchen with stainless steel appliances, granite counter tops, and a breakfast bar. A large bedroom with lots of closet space which includes a spacious bathroom with large mirrors and a granite counter top sink. Enjoy a cup of coffee while feeling the coolness of a morning breeze on your large patio. And lastly we have a washer and dryer inside each apartment home so that you can save time and money doing laundry in the convenience of your own home. Our complex is located in a beautiful scenic environment nestled next to a creek. We have two sparkling pools with hot tubs and stainless steel gas grill BBQ pits. Our dog park is also located on the complex and is really convenient to access. Our fitness center is spacious with state of the art fitness equipment. And lastly enjoy a pickup game of basketball on our outdoor basketball court. We are excited to have you as our new neighbor here at Hidden Oaks Apartments!Professionally managed by First Pointe Management Group. Since 1974, we have invested heavily in the acquisition and development of our properties near and far, ensuring both the healthy future of our business for our employees, and quality of life for those who choose to live as our tenants.We are open 7 days a week with convenient office hours! We would love to schedule you a tour today!Monday: 9AM-6PMTuesday: 9AM-6PMWednesday: 9AM-6PMThursday: 9AM-6PMFriday: 9AM-6PMMon-Fri: 9AM-6PMSaturday: 9AM-4PMSunday: 9AM-4PMSat - Sun: 9AM-4PMFederal law prohibits housing discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, familial status, or disability.* Prices and availability are subject to change without notice.

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 13:41
Price: $1306
Latitude: 38.674838
Longitude: -121.327101
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 640
