$1915 / 2br - 1160ft2 - $500 Off Move In And Waived App Fees! Come Take A Tour Today! (5002 Jewel Street Rocklin, CA)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
To schedule a tour
We now book our tour appointments online! Please call or text us at
  show contact info
 to self-schedule from your phone! Book your appointment online today or anytime 24/7!Property Description
If you're looking for the perfect apartments in Rocklin, CA then look further. The Garnet Creek Apartments has an inviting and welcoming feeling that makes all the residents feel at home. we have one, two and three bedroom apartments equipped with spectacular amenities like stainless steel appliances, gas range stoves, ample closet space, in-unit washer, and dryer, and a private balcony or patio.Our pet-friendly apartments in Rocklin have community amenities that are just as great as our apartment ones. The saltwater swimming pool and heated spa are residential favorites. Have fun in our game room, with a pool table and shuffleboard. Our fitness center is open 24 hours and our plush grounds are always well groomed. You'll feel at ease with our highly trained staff members ready to assist you in any way they can. Take delight in our new trail that goes along the small creek, you can bike ride, jog or simply walk the trails while you enjoy the view. We are just minutes away from award-winning schools, shopping, dining places, entertainment needs, parks, and local museums. Call us and we'll schedule a personal tour for you to see our Rocklin, CA apartments for rent.DetailsAvailability date: TodayPets: Cats, Small Dogs (< 25lb), Large Dogs (> 25lb)Pet notes: Deposit: TBDLeasing options: Leasing notes: NoneApplication fee: TBDAmenitiesIncluded in Utilities Cost: Utilities Cost: Laundry: Parking type:  Parking notes: Appliances: Exterior: Heating/cooling: Wiring: Cable-ready, High-speed internet, WiredFacilities and Recreation: Shared pool, Fitness center, Clubhouse, Barbecue, Business centerSecurity and Access: Views: Additional features: Offered by:Garnet CreekEqual Housing Opportunity

Date Posted: November 04, 2018 at 13:48
Price: $1915
Latitude: 38.787700
Longitude: -121.236600
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1160
