$3298 / 2br - 1076ft2 - OUR LAST TWO BEDROOM!!! COME TAKE A TOUR

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 x 57
OR Text 57 to  show contact info
 to contact a leasing agent.
This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1076 Sq. Ft. 
Located in the Heart of Midtown Sacramento, CA each of our 68 apartment homes offer stylish interior finishes with urban design in mind. Upgrade your everyday at Q19 apartments with a selection of studios, one and two-bedroom apartment homes featuring Vivint Smart home systems, 10 to 11-foot ceilings and substantial 9' modern factory-style windows that bring the outdoors in.
Indulge at home or relish in a robust list of restaurants and bars, creative businesses, cafes and daily and nightly entertainment. Empower to do more and explore the town, we are conveniently located a few blocks from the State Capitol, Crocker Art Museum, Historic Old Sacramento, Raley Field and Golden One Center. Walk your furry friend across the street to meet up with all of Midtown's coolest pups at Sacramento's newest dog park, Truitt Bark Park or venture over to the historic R Street Corridor. 
Features:
D/W with Hidden Controls, Cable Ready, Over the Range Microwave Oven, Juliet and Spacious Balconies *, Wi-Fi Enabled Thermostats, Custom Design Two-Tone Cabinetry, Programmable Lighting, 10 to 11 Foot Ceilings, Fully Integrated Smart Home Systems, Wheelchair Access, Walk-in closets*, Electric Range with Fifth Element Warming Zone, USB Charging Outlets, Large Closets, Window Coverings, Premium Swivel TV Mount, Dishwasher, Diamond Grey Full-Size Frontloading W/D, Energy Efficient LED Lighting, Refrigerator, Side-by-Side Refrigerator with Dispenser, Microwave, Luxury Vinyl Plank Flooring, Subway Tile Backsplash, Private Balconies, 9' Modern Factory-Style Windows, Washer/Dryer, Quartz Countertops, Disposal, Keyless Entry 
* Select Floorplans
Community Amenities:
Package Receiving, On-Site Parking, 100% LED Building, On-Site Management, Short Term Lease, Furnished Short Term Rentals Available, Elevator, Controlled-Access Building, Free Weights, Bike Kitchen, Complimentary Pet Spa, Internet Cafe Lounge, Concierge Services, On-Site Retail, City &/or Park Views, High Speed Internet, On-Site Maintenance, Complimentary High-Speed Wi-Fi Hotspots, 24-Hour Emergency Maintenance, 24-Hour Fitness Center with Peloton Bike, Pet-Friendly, Resident Lobby with Media Wall, Smoke Free Environment, 24-Hour Package Lockers, Off Street Parking 
Pet Policy:
Monthly pet rent is $40/$50 per pet. $500 deposit for 1 pet, additional $250 for 2nd pet. 2 pet maximum. 
Interested in more information? Visit link below:
http://live.fpimgt.com/sw56pq
Equal Housing Opportunity 
zmGqooe9RWN

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 17:25
Price: $3298
Latitude: 38.576200
Longitude: -121.488000
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1076
