$1580 / 1br - 772ft2 - Reserve NOW for 12/1 Move In*Great Roseville Location*1 Bed w/ Garage* (Roseville)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Great Roseville Location. Private Garages. Rated 5+ Stars in a Recent Resident Survey! Our goal is to make our residents smile and here at The Bridges, there's a lot to smile about. Our 1, 2, and 3-bedroom floor plans have private entrances, private garages, 9-foot ceilings, and include full-size washers/dryers. Our kitchens are large, and offer a gas stove, microwave, and built-in computer stations. Community amenities include a clubhouse, fitness center and lap pool, along with plenty of open green spaces. We are ideally located, adjacent to Hewlett Packard and home of the NEW Sutter campus workforce and steps away from Telefunken. The excellent Dry Creek District schools are close by. And, if this wasn't enough, we're proud to say our service staff is the best--having been top-rated by residents in a recent survey. Send in our online guest card, give us a call, or stop by and let our friendly staff show you around. We're sure they will make you smile, too!  Call Now:  show contact info
Want more info? See the link below:http://lease.conam.com/0w01k4 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath Features - Private Balcony  - Dishwasher  - Fireplace  - Range  - Air Conditioning  - Microwave  - Dryer  - Controlled Access  - Disposal  - Private Patio  - Individual Climate Control  - View  - Cable  - Garage  - Large Closets  - Window Coverings  - Washer  - Additional Storage  - Heat  - Ceiling Fan  - Refrigerator Community Amenities - Garage  - Package Receiving  - Sauna  - Gas Stoves and Built-in Microwaves  - Golf course Views  - Free 1 Car Garage included with every unit  - Full Size Washer/Dryers  - Playground  - Short Term Lease  - Spa  - Private entries  - 24-Hour Availability  - On-site Management  - Fitness Center  - Business Center  - Gate  - Clubhouse  - Pool  - On-site Maintenance  - Storage Space  - Clubhouse / Pool Wi-Fi  - High Speed Internet Available Pet Policy Cats are allowed.Other pets are allowed: Please call for pet policy.Restrictions or other terms: Indoor Cats Only/NO DOGS! Call for service animal policy. Office Hours Mon-Fri: 9 AM to 6 PM Sat: 9 AM to 5 PMSun: Closed Bridges at Woodcreek Oaks 7950 Foothills Blvd, Roseville, CA, 95747Disclaimer: Please be aware of scams on Craigslist. It is our practice never to require someone to complete a credit application or provide personal credit information before touring an apartment home. Rent is based on lease term selected. Please contact office for more details. Prices subject to change.Equal Housing Opportunity w9Pb2kRJ

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 11:23
Price: $1580
Latitude: 38.780146
Longitude: -121.314885
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 772
