$1595 / 1br - 751ft2 - AVAILABLE NOW! Top Flr., Fireplace, Detached Garage, Washer & Dryer! (Sacramento, Natomas)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 751 Sq. Ft. 
There's just something about Villagio and the gated, resort style of living there that feels so incredibly indulgent. Perhaps it's the Tuscan architecture and stately Italian cypress you see as you approach. Perhaps it's the 9-foot ceilings and crown molding in each lovely apartment home. Or maybe it's the trellised poolside patio and amazing granite and stacked stone BBQ islands.
With luxurious amenities throughout and a fabulous Natomas location -- conveniently close to I-5, I-80, the Sacramento Airport and the Golden One Center -- there's no question that Villagio is someplace special. But it's the caring, professional Villagio staff, and the personalized concierge services they provide, that are truly beyond compare.
Villagio offers 4 exciting open concept home plans. All feature upgraded finishes, abundant storage space, and full size washers and dryers. Community amenities include a fitness center, a refreshing pool and spa, an executive business center, and a well-appointed clubhouse for relaxing and entertaining.
Villagio has also recently added the new Luxer One package system, which includes secured lockers for all resident deliveries. Corporate leases and one or two-car attached or detached garages are also available. So, if you're seeking the ultimate in apartment living, and ordinary just won't do, indulge yourself and experience life at Villagio. 
Features:
Microwave, Garden and Pool Views Available, Plank Style Flooring, Ceiling Fan, Built-In Desk*, Separate Hot Water Heaters, Crown Molding, Pantries, 9-Foot Ceilings, Well Equipped Kitchens, Dual Access to Patio/Balcony*, Linen/Storage Closets*, Satin Nickel Cabinet Hardware, Central Heating & Air Conditioning, Plush Carpeting in All Bedrooms, Hall Storage Closets*, Dishwasher, Upgraded Cabinetry, Full Size Washer and Dryer, Disability Access**, Breakfast Bars*, Window Coverings, Separate Dining Areas*, Entry Closets*, Walk-In Closet, Kitchen Windows*, Fireplaces** 
*Per plan
*In select homes
Community Amenities:
Controlled Access/Gated, Minutes to Downtown Sacramento, Executive Business Center, 5 Miles from the Golden One Center, Easy Access to I-80 & I-5, Luxer One Package Delivery System, Public Parks Nearby, Attached & Detached 1&2 Car Garages Available (additional cost), Fitness Center, BBQ & Picnic Areas Throughout, Reserved Covered Parking, Swimming Pool & Spa, Playground, Non-Smoking Community, Resident Events, Conveniently Close to Shopping, Gated Community with Remote Access, On-Site Rental Storage Available, Professionally Managed with On-Site Leasing Office, Trellised Patio with Built-In Grills, Concierge, Corporate Housing Available, Clubhouse, Attractive Landscaped Grounds with Water Feature, 24-Hour Emergency Maintenance 
Pet Policy:
Dogs and Cats Allowed
•$500 Deposit for the first pet, $250 additional for the 2nd pet.
•$35 Monthly Pet Rent Per Pet
•50 lb Weight Limit
•Breed restrictions apply
•2 Pet Limit
More unit details at:
http://live.fpimgt.com/v6g931
Equal Housing Opportunity 
KmilK7SdItU

Date Posted: November 04, 2018 at 14:59
Price: $1595
Latitude: 38.644260
Longitude: -121.512909
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 751
