$1599 / 2br - 900ft2 - Why'd the chckn X the road? To live in Citrus Heights's best Apartment (Citrus Heights)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Find Your Dream Apartment in Orangevale & Citrus Heights, CA
You deserve an apartment you're excited to come home to - and at Montage Apartments, we'll help you find the perfect fit. Situated within the San Juan Unified School District near both Sierra College and American River College, we're close to a number of natural and urban attractions. Not to mention, we're conveniently located near many restaurants and various shopping centers like Sunrise Mall!
Find the Perfect Apartment in Orangevale or Citrus Heights, CA
When you make Montage Apartments your new home, you're choosing to live in a beautiful apartment complex with state-of-the-art amenities and a location that's perfect for any lifestyle.
Our mission is to provide you with resort-style at the price of a standard apartment home - and we have a plethora of options for both 1 and 2 bedroom apartments near Orangevale and Citrus Heights. We're happily accepting new tenants, and we have both 1 and 2 bedroom apartments for rent in a variety of sizes and floor plans.
Our amenities include:
o Three Resort Style Pools with Cabanas
o Vaulted Ceilings*
o Two Relaxing Spas
o Gated Community  Controlled Access
o Pet Friendly / Dog Park Onsite
Act now to take advantage of our limited-time specials!
$600 OFF Your First Month's Rent on small 1BRs and $250 Off YOUR First Month's Rent on all other unit types! However, if you'd just prefer a lower rate, just ask the office to prorate the special! Hurry now before special ends!
Prices starting at: $1599
Call  show contact info

For more information, visit us at: liveatjrk.com/montage_125ae488_498353
Equal Housing Opportunity
We go to great lengths to comply with the Fair Housing Act, which prohibits "any preference, limitation, or discrimination because of race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin, or intention to make such preference, limitation or discrimination."

Date Posted: November 04, 2018 at 15:10
Price: $1599
Latitude: 38.684098
Longitude: -121.262398
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 900
