$1610 / 1br - 800ft2 - Upscale 1-Bedroom w/Detached Garage! Take a Tour Today! (Sacramento, Natomas)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
WELCOME TO VILLAGIO LUXURY APARTMENTS There's just something about Villagio and the gated, resort style of living there that feels so incredibly indulgent. Perhaps it's the Tuscan architecture and stately Italian cypress you see as you approach. Perhaps it's the 9-foot ceilings and crown molding in each lovely apartment home. Or maybe it's the trellised poolside patio and amazing granite and stacked stone BBQ islands.With luxurious amenities throughout and a fabulous Natomas location -- conveniently close to I-5, I-80, the Sacramento Airport and the Golden One Center -- there's no question that Villagio is someplace special. But it's the caring, professional Villagio staff, and the personalized concierge services they provide, that are truly beyond compare.Villagio offers 4 exciting open concept home plans. All feature upgraded finishes, abundant storage space, and full size washers and dryers. Community amenities include a fitness center, a refreshing pool and spa, an executive business center, and a well-appointed clubhouse for relaxing and entertaining.Villagio has also recently added the new Luxer One package system, which includes secured lockers for all resident deliveries. Corporate leases and one or two-car attached or detached garages are also available. So, if you're seeking the ultimate in apartment living, and ordinary just won't do, indulge yourself and experience life at Villagio.  Call Now:  show contact info

Use this link for more info:http://live.fpimgt.com/5e3od0 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 800 Sq. Ft. Features - Entry Closets*  - Central Heating & Air Conditioning  - Disability Access**  - Built-In Desk*  - Fireplaces**  - Dual Access to Patio/Balcony*  - Plank Style Flooring  - Pantries  - Dishwasher  - Separate Dining Areas*  - Linen/Storage Closets*  - Plush Carpeting in All Bedrooms  - Breakfast Bars*  - Separate Hot Water Heaters  - Window Coverings  - Microwave  - Hall Storage Closets*  - Satin Nickel Cabinet Hardware  - Walk-In Closet  - Crown Molding  - Upgraded Cabinetry  - Ceiling Fan  - Kitchen Windows*  - 9-Foot Ceilings  - Garden and Pool Views Available  - Well Equipped Kitchens  - Full Size Washer and Dryer *In select homes *Per plan Community Amenities - BBQ & Picnic Areas Throughout  - Minutes to Downtown Sacramento  - Easy Access to I-80 & I-5  - Attractive Landscaped Grounds with Water Feature  - Reserved Covered Parking  - 5 Miles from the Golden One Center  - Corporate Housing Available  - Gated Community with Remote Access  - Non-Smoking Community  - Clubhouse  - Controlled Access/Gated  - Executive Business Center  - Luxer One Package Delivery System  - Professionally Managed with On-Site Leasing Office  - 24-Hour Emergency Maintenance  - Conveniently Close to Shopping  - Swimming Pool & Spa  - Trellised Patio with Built-In Grills  - Fitness Center  - Attached & Detached 1&2 Car Garages Available (additional cost)  - Playground  - Concierge  - On-Site Rental Storage Available  - Public Parks Nearby  - Resident Events Pet Policy Dogs and Cats Allowed•$500 Deposit for the first pet, $250 additional for the 2nd pet.•$35 Monthly Pet Rent Per Pet•50 lb Weight Limit•Breed restrictions apply•2 Pet LimitIncome Requirements: 2.5x rent amountOffice Hours Monday-Friday:9:00AM-6:00PMSaturday:9:00AM-5:00PMSunday:10:00AM-5:00PMVillagio 4101 Innovator Dr., Sacramento, CA, 95834Equal Housing Opportunity PVu0pgXoC

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 09:17
Price: $1610
Latitude: 38.644227
Longitude: -121.513081
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 800
