$1550 / 2br - 932ft2 - In-home full size washer and dryer, Newly renovated units, Playground (Rancho Cordova)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        

 Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 2 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 932 Sq. Ft. 
AVION is the premier address for apartments in Rancho Cordova, CA. Open layouts and upscale features define the unique lifestyle that can only be found in our community. Residents of AVION enjoy our one, two, and three-bedroom floor plans that suit any lifestyle. All of our luxury apartments feature 9-foot ceilings with custom crown molding, in-unit washers & dryers, ceramic tile entries, spacious walk-in closets, and cultured marble countertops.
Our Rancho Cordova apartments offer some of the best community features such as a clubhouse with fireside lounge, fully-equipped fitness center, and a resort-inspired swimming pool. Our pet-friendly community is set on beautiful grounds - perfect for outdoor exercise and recreation. Best of all, AVION is close to the most popular dining, shopping, and entertainment venues in the city. 
Our apartments were carefully designed with you in mind. Let our stellar community staff help you feel right at home. Call and come visit AVION to discover the best luxury apartments in Rancho Cordova, CA. 
Features:
In-home full size washer and dryer, Garages with remote available, Spacious walk-in closets, Separate dining areas, Fireplaces available, New quartz countertops, Dramatic 9 foot ceilings with custom crown molding, Private patio and balcony, Newly renovated units, Decorative ceiling fans, Electronic intrusion alarms, Custom interior painting, Convenient breakfast bar 
Community Amenities:
Courtyard picnic area, Playground, Online Payments Available, Professionally landscaped grounds, Dog park, Whirlpool spa, Resort-inspired swimming pool, Sport court, Gated community, 24-hour package center, Billiards room, New fitness center, Pets welcome - call for details, Wi-Fi lounge, Clubhouse with fireside lounge 
Pet Policy:
Max 2 allowed Rent $35.00 Deposit $500.00
Restrictions: Doberman Pincher, Rottweiler, American Stafford, Pitt Bull, German Shepherd, Mastiff, Chow Chow, Dalmation, Akita, Shar Pei 
See our property details here:
http://avenue5.aptfeatures.com/c4999d
Equal Housing Opportunity 
FOZIdbcrA6Ao

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 11:56
Price: $1550
Latitude: 38.577357
Longitude: -121.304164
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 932
