$1365 / 1br - 800ft2 - One Bedroom One Bathroom With Open Floor Plan!! (Citrus Heights)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
1, 2 and 3 Bedroom Apartments for Rent in Citrus Heights, CA Atwood Apartments in Citrus Heights, CA, provides you with the perfect place to make life more comfortable. Our 1, 2, or 3 bedroom apartment homes come standard with gorgeous kitchens featuring granite countertops, breakfast bars and solid wood cabinetry - making it easy for you to settle right into your new apartment home. Here, you will find all the extras on your list, too: full-size washer/dryer, plentiful storage, oversized oval tubs and a private patio or balcony to enjoy the beautiful surroundings. Options such as fireplaces with mantels, vaulted ceilings and garages are available as well.When it comes to commuting, Atwood offers unmatched convenience. Our location just off Sunrise Boulevard, between Highway 50 and I-80, provides access to business parks in Rocklin, Roseville, Rancho Cordova, the Highway 50 Corridor and Downtown Sacramento. On your way home from work, picking up dinner or taking a shopping detour couldn't be easier: Atwood Apartments is just 5 minutes from Sunrise MarketPlace, a ten-block area featuring a plethora of stores, services, entertainment and eateries. Citrus Heights is also home to 25 parks, abundant recreation, excellent schools and community events, including the popular Sunrise Farmer's Market. Venture a little farther and spend the day at the Sacramento River or along the shores of Folsom Lake, both within a 15-minute drive.Closer to home, you will love swimming at our pool, relaxing in the bubbling spa or working out in the resident fitness center. Atwood is also pet friendly, welcoming dogs of all sizes (select breeds) and cats. Located for life: Atwood Apartments.  Call Now:  show contact info
Want more info on this unit? See the link (below):http://fairfield-apts.com/85x5x3 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 800 Sq. Ft. Features - In-home washer and dryer  - Nine-foot ceilings  - Air conditioning  - Well-equipped kitchens with dishwasher, refrigerator, disposal and microwave  - Patio or balcony  - Cozy fireplace with mantel*  - Granite countertops  - Walk-in closets*  - Vaulted ceilings*  - Window coverings  - Oval soaking tubs  - Solid wood cabinetry  - Ceiling fans *Select Homes Community Amenities - Covered parking or garages  - Controlled access community  - Extra storage available  - Pets welcome -(see pet policy for details)  - Quick access to Highway 50, I-80 and public transportation  - Dog Park  - Social lounge for residents  - Two pools and two spas  - Online bill pay  - Fitness center  - Resident business center Pet Policy Pet Overview: Dogs and cats welcome. Your pet must be one year of age, have had health check and shots and be spayed or neutered. A signed animal addendum is required to be on file in our leasing office. Deposit and Pet Rent: $50 dog rent, $35 cat rent, $250 deposit per pet (additional $250 for pets under 1 year of age)Additional Details: We also welcome your domestic pet if it is a bird or fish with written approval from our onsite management team. No reptiles or exotic animals please. Fish tanks are not to exceed 55 gallons. Support Animals: If the animal is a service animal for a disabled person, pet deposits are not necessary and breed restrictions do not apply. A signed Letter Regarding Support Animals from a qualified professional verifying the need for the service animal along with proof of current rabies shots and licenses (if legally applicable) is required. Breed Restrictions: We welcome all breeds of dogs at least one year old, except the following breed or mixed breed: Akita, Alaskan Malamute, Chow, Doberman Pinscher, German Shepherd, Great Dane, Husky, Pit Bull Terriers*, Rottweiler, Saint Bernard and Wolf Dog Hybrids.* (including all Pit Bull breeds - American Pit Bull Terriers, American or Irish Staffordshire Terriers, Bull Terriers, Pit Bulls, American Bull Dogs, and Presa Canario.) We reserve the right to add additional restricted breeds at any time. Driving Directions Coming from San Francisco, CA:Head East on I-80. Stay on I-80 E, follow signs for Reno. Take the Madison Ave exit. Turn right onto Madison Ave. Make a U-turn at Rimwood Dr. Turn right onto Heritage Tree Ln.Coming from Reno, NV:Head West on 1-80. Take the Douglas Blvd exit toward Sunrise Ave. Turn left onto Douglas Blvd. Take the Sunrise Ave S ramp. Merge onto Sunrise Ave. Turn left onto Madison Ave. Make a U-turn at Rimwood Dr. Turn right onto Heritage Tree Ln. Office Hours Mon - Tue: 10:00 am - 6:00 pmWed: 11:00 am - 6:00 pmThu - Fri: 10:00 am - 6:00 pmSat: 10:00 am - 5:00 pmSunday: Closed Atwood Apartments 5400 Heritage Tree Lane, Citrus Heights, CA, 95610Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. Equal Housing Opportunity Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. yH9S9Of2

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 10:06
Price: $1365
Latitude: 38.663932
Longitude: -121.270244
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 800
