$1835 / 2br - 1129ft2 - READY NOW! Come Check Out Actual Apartment!  Beautiful 2 Bed/2 Bath! (Sacramento, Natomas)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1129 Sq. Ft. 
There's just something about Villagio and the gated, resort style of living there that feels so incredibly indulgent. Perhaps it's the Tuscan architecture and stately Italian cypress you see as you approach. Perhaps it's the 9-foot ceilings and crown molding in each lovely apartment home. Or maybe it's the trellised poolside patio and amazing granite and stacked stone BBQ islands.
With luxurious amenities throughout and a fabulous Natomas location -- conveniently close to I-5, I-80, the Sacramento Airport and the Golden One Center -- there's no question that Villagio is someplace special. But it's the caring, professional Villagio staff, and the personalized concierge services they provide, that are truly beyond compare.
Villagio offers 4 exciting open concept home plans. All feature upgraded finishes, abundant storage space, and full size washers and dryers. Community amenities include a fitness center, a refreshing pool and spa, an executive business center, and a well-appointed clubhouse for relaxing and entertaining.
Villagio has also recently added the new Luxer One package system, which includes secured lockers for all resident deliveries. Corporate leases and one or two-car attached or detached garages are also available. So, if you're seeking the ultimate in apartment living, and ordinary just won't do, indulge yourself and experience life at Villagio. 
Features:
Entry Closets*, Garden and Pool Views Available, Linen/Storage Closets*, Hall Storage Closets*, 9-Foot Ceilings, Central Heating & Air Conditioning, Full Size Washer and Dryer, Built-In Desk*, Satin Nickel Cabinet Hardware, Upgraded Cabinetry, Disability Access**, Plank Style Flooring, Plush Carpeting in All Bedrooms, Separate Hot Water Heaters, Ceiling Fan, Kitchen Windows*, Walk-In Closet, Well Equipped Kitchens, Window Coverings, Breakfast Bars*, Crown Molding, Fireplaces**, Dishwasher, Dual Access to Patio/Balcony*, Separate Dining Areas*, Pantries, Microwave 
*In select homes
*Per plan
Community Amenities:
Professionally Managed with On-Site Leasing Office, Fitness Center, Easy Access to I-80 & I-5, Gated Community with Remote Access, Non-Smoking Community, Trellised Patio with Built-In Grills, 5 Miles from the Golden One Center, Public Parks Nearby, Resident Events, Executive Business Center, Clubhouse, Conveniently Close to Shopping, Minutes to Downtown Sacramento, Concierge, Reserved Covered Parking, Playground, Controlled Access/Gated, Swimming Pool & Spa, BBQ & Picnic Areas Throughout, Corporate Housing Available, Attached & Detached 1&2 Car Garages Available (additional cost), 24-Hour Emergency Maintenance, Luxer One Package Delivery System, On-Site Rental Storage Available, Attractive Landscaped Grounds with Water Feature 
Pet Policy:
Dogs and Cats Allowed
•$500 Deposit for the first pet, $250 additional for the 2nd pet.
•$35 Monthly Pet Rent Per Pet
•50 lb Weight Limit
•Breed restrictions apply
•2 Pet Limit
Want more info on this unit? See the link (below):
http://live.fpimgt.com/z148q2
Equal Housing Opportunity 
DZVsX1v2NK

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 11:46
Price: $1835
Latitude: 38.644294
Longitude: -121.512866
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1129
