$1920 / 2br - 1149ft2 - Luxurious & Very Spacious 2-Bedroom! Reduced Rent! Call Us Today! (Sacramento, Natomas)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1149 Sq. Ft. 
There's just something about Villagio and the gated, resort style of living there that feels so incredibly indulgent. Perhaps it's the Tuscan architecture and stately Italian cypress you see as you approach. Perhaps it's the 9-foot ceilings and crown molding in each lovely apartment home. Or maybe it's the trellised poolside patio and amazing granite and stacked stone BBQ islands.
With luxurious amenities throughout and a fabulous Natomas location -- conveniently close to I-5, I-80, the Sacramento Airport and the Golden One Center -- there's no question that Villagio is someplace special. But it's the caring, professional Villagio staff, and the personalized concierge services they provide, that are truly beyond compare.
Villagio offers 4 exciting open concept home plans. All feature upgraded finishes, abundant storage space, and full size washers and dryers. Community amenities include a fitness center, a refreshing pool and spa, an executive business center, and a well-appointed clubhouse for relaxing and entertaining.
Villagio has also recently added the new Luxer One package system, which includes secured lockers for all resident deliveries. Corporate leases and one or two-car attached or detached garages are also available. So, if you're seeking the ultimate in apartment living, and ordinary just won't do, indulge yourself and experience life at Villagio. 
Features:
Plank Style Flooring, Linen/Storage Closets*, Breakfast Bars*, Built-In Desk*, Hall Storage Closets*, Crown Molding, Plush Carpeting in All Bedrooms, Satin Nickel Cabinet Hardware, Fireplaces**, Entry Closets*, Full Size Washer and Dryer, Walk-In Closet, Microwave, Ceiling Fan, Window Coverings, Separate Dining Areas*, Dual Access to Patio/Balcony*, 9-Foot Ceilings, Disability Access**, Dishwasher, Kitchen Windows*, Separate Hot Water Heaters, Pantries, Garden and Pool Views Available, Upgraded Cabinetry, Central Heating & Air Conditioning, Well Equipped Kitchens 
*Per plan
*In select homes
Community Amenities:
Controlled Access/Gated, Swimming Pool & Spa, Easy Access to I-80 & I-5, On-Site Rental Storage Available, 5 Miles from the Golden One Center, Non-Smoking Community, Executive Business Center, Reserved Covered Parking, Professionally Managed with On-Site Leasing Office, Playground, Concierge, Attached & Detached 1&2 Car Garages Available (additional cost), Clubhouse, Corporate Housing Available, Conveniently Close to Shopping, Luxer One Package Delivery System, Trellised Patio with Built-In Grills, Public Parks Nearby, Attractive Landscaped Grounds with Water Feature, 24-Hour Emergency Maintenance, Gated Community with Remote Access, Fitness Center, BBQ & Picnic Areas Throughout, Resident Events, Minutes to Downtown Sacramento 
Pet Policy:
Dogs and Cats Allowed
•$500 Deposit for the first pet, $250 additional for the 2nd pet.
•$35 Monthly Pet Rent Per Pet
•50 lb Weight Limit
•Breed restrictions apply
•2 Pet Limit
Follow The Link Below:
http://live.fpimgt.com/46r042
Equal Housing Opportunity 
oc9xYI3Arn

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 12:12
Price: $1920
Latitude: 38.644311
Longitude: -121.512802
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1149
