$1940 / 2br - 1149ft2 - 2nd Floor, 2 Full Bath, Full Size Washer & Dryer, & Detached Garage! (Sacramento, Natomas)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
WELCOME TO VILLAGIO LUXURY APARTMENTS There's just something about Villagio and the gated, resort style of living there that feels so incredibly indulgent. Perhaps it's the Tuscan architecture and stately Italian cypress you see as you approach. Perhaps it's the 9-foot ceilings and crown molding in each lovely apartment home. Or maybe it's the trellised poolside patio and amazing granite and stacked stone BBQ islands.With luxurious amenities throughout and a fabulous Natomas location -- conveniently close to I-5, I-80, the Sacramento Airport and the Golden One Center -- there's no question that Villagio is someplace special. But it's the caring, professional Villagio staff, and the personalized concierge services they provide, that are truly beyond compare.Villagio offers 4 exciting open concept home plans. All feature upgraded finishes, abundant storage space, and full size washers and dryers. Community amenities include a fitness center, a refreshing pool and spa, an executive business center, and a well-appointed clubhouse for relaxing and entertaining.Villagio has also recently added the new Luxer One package system, which includes secured lockers for all resident deliveries. Corporate leases and one or two-car attached or detached garages are also available. So, if you're seeking the ultimate in apartment living, and ordinary just won't do, indulge yourself and experience life at Villagio.  Call Now:  show contact info
Want more information? Follow this link:http://live.fpimgt.com/ig6940 This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1149 Sq. Ft. Features - Dishwasher  - Separate Hot Water Heaters  - Window Coverings  - Full Size Washer and Dryer  - Breakfast Bars*  - Crown Molding  - Satin Nickel Cabinet Hardware  - Hall Storage Closets*  - Well Equipped Kitchens  - Upgraded Cabinetry  - Separate Dining Areas*  - Walk-In Closet  - Garden and Pool Views Available  - Central Heating & Air Conditioning  - Pantries  - Plush Carpeting in All Bedrooms  - Kitchen Windows*  - Fireplaces**  - Disability Access**  - Built-In Desk*  - 9-Foot Ceilings  - Linen/Storage Closets*  - Plank Style Flooring  - Entry Closets*  - Microwave  - Ceiling Fan  - Dual Access to Patio/Balcony* *Per plan *In select homes Community Amenities - Corporate Housing Available  - Swimming Pool & Spa  - Controlled Access/Gated  - Public Parks Nearby  - Easy Access to I-80 & I-5  - Reserved Covered Parking  - BBQ & Picnic Areas Throughout  - Gated Community with Remote Access  - Trellised Patio with Built-In Grills  - Resident Events  - Attached & Detached 1&2 Car Garages Available (additional cost)  - Executive Business Center  - Attractive Landscaped Grounds with Water Feature  - Conveniently Close to Shopping  - 24-Hour Emergency Maintenance  - Minutes to Downtown Sacramento  - On-Site Rental Storage Available  - Clubhouse  - 5 Miles from the Golden One Center  - Non-Smoking Community  - Professionally Managed with On-Site Leasing Office  - Luxer One Package Delivery System  - Concierge  - Fitness Center  - Playground Pet Policy Dogs and Cats Allowed•$500 Deposit for the first pet, $250 additional for the 2nd pet.•$35 Monthly Pet Rent Per Pet•50 lb Weight Limit•Breed restrictions apply•2 Pet LimitIncome Requirements: 2.5x rent amountOffice Hours Monday-Friday: 8:00AM-5:00PMSaturday:9:00AM-5:00PMSunday:10:00AM-5:00PMVillagio 4101 Innovator Dr., Sacramento, CA, 95834Equal Housing Opportunity 6WYf0qk5

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 08:24
Price: $1940
Latitude: 38.644361
Longitude: -121.512866
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1149
