$1650 / 2br - 1136ft2 - New quartz countertops, Private patio and balcony, Only 1 @ this price (Rancho Cordova)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Reduce Security Deposit & Waived Application Fee! 
 Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1136 Sq. Ft. 
AVION is the premier address for apartments in Rancho Cordova, CA. Open layouts and upscale features define the unique lifestyle that can only be found in our community. Residents of AVION enjoy our one, two, and three-bedroom floor plans that suit any lifestyle. All of our luxury apartments feature 9-foot ceilings with custom crown molding, in-unit washers & dryers, ceramic tile entries, spacious walk-in closets, and cultured marble countertops.
Our Rancho Cordova apartments offer some of the best community features such as a clubhouse with fireside lounge, fully-equipped fitness center, and a resort-inspired swimming pool. Our pet-friendly community is set on beautiful grounds - perfect for outdoor exercise and recreation. Best of all, AVION is close to the most popular dining, shopping, and entertainment venues in the city. 
Our apartments were carefully designed with you in mind. Let our stellar community staff help you feel right at home. Call and come visit AVION to discover the best luxury apartments in Rancho Cordova, CA. 
Features:
Separate dining areas, Custom interior painting, Dramatic 9 foot ceilings with custom crown molding, Spacious walk-in closets, Garages with remote available, In-home full size washer and dryer, Private patio and balcony, Newly renovated units, Convenient breakfast bar, New quartz countertops, Electronic intrusion alarms, Decorative ceiling fans, Fireplaces available 
Community Amenities:
24-hour package center, Sport court, Gated community, Wi-Fi lounge, Dog park, Playground, Clubhouse with fireside lounge, Resort-inspired swimming pool, New fitness center, Professionally landscaped grounds, Courtyard picnic area, Billiards room, Pets welcome - call for details, Online Payments Available, Whirlpool spa 
Pet Policy:
Max 2 allowed Rent $35.00 Deposit $500.00
Restrictions: Doberman Pincher, Rottweiler, American Stafford, Pitt Bull, German Shepherd, Mastiff, Chow Chow, Dalmation, Akita, Shar Pei 
See our property details here:
http://avenue5.aptfeatures.com/q1av4g
Equal Housing Opportunity 
ok4BmtIsDsd

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 11:53
Price: $1650
Latitude: 38.577357
Longitude: -121.304164
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1136
