$2210 / 3br - 1168ft2 - Downstairs Three Bedroom w/ View, Wood Plank Flooring & Garage (Roseville)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Stop By Our Open House Call Now:  show contact info
Bridges at Woodcreek Oaks 7950 Foothills Blvd, Roseville, CA, 95747See our property details here:http://lease.conam.com/267d7n This is a 3 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1168 Sq. Ft.  Great Roseville Location. Private Garages. Rated 5+ Stars in a Recent Resident Survey! Our goal is to make our residents smile and here at The Bridges, there's a lot to smile about. Our 1, 2, and 3-bedroom floor plans have private entrances, private garages, 9-foot ceilings, and include full-size washers/dryers. Our kitchens are large, and offer a gas stove, microwave, and built-in computer stations. Community amenities include a clubhouse, fitness center and lap pool, along with plenty of open green spaces. We are ideally located, adjacent to Hewlett Packard and home of the NEW Sutter campus workforce and steps away from Telefunken. The excellent Dry Creek District schools are close by. And, if this wasn't enough, we're proud to say our service staff is the best--having been top-rated by residents in a recent survey. Send in our online guest card, give us a call, or stop by and let our friendly staff show you around. We're sure they will make you smile, too! Features - Individual Climate Control  - Window Coverings  - Controlled Access  - Microwave  - Heat  - Additional Storage  - Disposal  - Large Closets  - Air Conditioning  - Ceiling Fan  - Range  - Private Patio  - Fireplace  - Garage  - Refrigerator  - Private Balcony  - Dishwasher  - Washer  - Dryer  - Cable  - View Community Amenities - Sauna  - Golf course Views  - Full Size Washer/Dryers  - Garage  - Playground  - Clubhouse  - High Speed Internet Available  - Free 1 Car Garage included with every unit  - Clubhouse / Pool Wi-Fi  - Short Term Lease  - 24-Hour Availability  - Gas Stoves and Built-in Microwaves  - Fitness Center  - Storage Space  - Spa  - Private entries  - Business Center  - Gate  - Package Receiving  - Pool  - On-site Maintenance  - On-site Management Pet Policy Cats are allowed.Other pets are allowed: Please call for pet policy.Restrictions or other terms: Indoor Cats Only/NO DOGS! Call for service animal policy. Office Hours Mon-Fri: 9 AM to 6 PM Sat: 9 AM to 5 PMSun: Closed Disclaimer: Please be aware of scams on Craigslist. It is our practice never to require someone to complete a credit application or provide personal credit information before touring an apartment home. Rent is based on lease term selected. Please contact office for more details. Prices subject to change.Equal Housing Opportunity VTg9nKwqorzw

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 13:15
Price: $2210
Latitude: 38.779791
Longitude: -121.315009
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1168
