$1750 / 2br - 1067ft2 - Controlled access community, Convenient access to I-5 and Highway 99

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1067 Sq. Ft.  Create your own suburban retreat at Somerfield at Lakeside Apartments in Elk Grove, CA. Lush landscaping, a five hole putting green, and picnic areas provide the perfect setting to unwind after a long day. Treat yourself to a break in our resident lounge or relax at our resort style pool. Somerfield at Lakeside's spacious 1, 2, and 3 bedroom apartments offer the conveniences of full sized washer and dryers and fully equipped kitchens to make everyday chores a breeze. Our controlled access community is minutes from the shopping, dining, and entertainment offer by Elk Grove Commons and Laguna Crossroads. Take a walk to Pat Perez Park or short drive to Johnson Park Recreation Center. Somerfield at Lakeside Apartments easy access to both the I-5 and Highway 99, offers an easy daily commute into Sacramento or quick weekend getaway to other Central California destinations.  Features: Stainless Steel appliances*, Vaulted Ceilings*, Contemporary lighting, Fireplace*, Walk-in closets*, Hardwood flooring*, Full sized washer and dryer, Private patios/balconies, Central heating and air conditioning, Granite countertops*, Alder wood cabinetry  Community Amenities: 24-hour fitness center, Sun deck, Enclosed garages, Swimming pool, Hub by Amazon: package lockers with 24/7 access, Online Payments Available, Resident lounge, Close to shopping, dining, entertainment, and golfing, Pet friendly, Lush landscaping, Controlled access community, Business center and WiFi access, Picnic area and barbecue grills, 5 hole putting green, Playground, Convenient access to I-5 and Highway 99  Pet Policy: We welcome you and your best friend, too! See our property details here:http://fairfield-apts.com/817w87Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. Equal Housing Opportunity Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. 1krIBhTePgB5

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 13:27
Price: $1750
Latitude: 38.424300
Longitude: -121.437000
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1067
