$1835 / 2br - 1129ft2 - WE'RE OPEN SUNDAYS!!! Come Check Us Out! Our Apts Go Fast! (Sacramento, Natomas)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
WELCOME TO VILLAGIO LUXURY APARTMENTS There's just something about Villagio and the gated, resort style of living there that feels so incredibly indulgent. Perhaps it's the Tuscan architecture and stately Italian cypress you see as you approach. Perhaps it's the 9-foot ceilings and crown molding in each lovely apartment home. Or maybe it's the trellised poolside patio and amazing granite and stacked stone BBQ islands.With luxurious amenities throughout and a fabulous Natomas location -- conveniently close to I-5, I-80, the Sacramento Airport and the Golden One Center -- there's no question that Villagio is someplace special. But it's the caring, professional Villagio staff, and the personalized concierge services they provide, that are truly beyond compare.Villagio offers 4 exciting open concept home plans. All feature upgraded finishes, abundant storage space, and full size washers and dryers. Community amenities include a fitness center, a refreshing pool and spa, an executive business center, and a well-appointed clubhouse for relaxing and entertaining.Villagio has also recently added the new Luxer One package system, which includes secured lockers for all resident deliveries. Corporate leases and one or two-car attached or detached garages are also available. So, if you're seeking the ultimate in apartment living, and ordinary just won't do, indulge yourself and experience life at Villagio.  Call Now:  show contact info
See our property details here:http://live.fpimgt.com/1w22k6 This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1129 Sq. Ft. Features - Linen/Storage Closets*  - Plank Style Flooring  - Breakfast Bars*  - Kitchen Windows*  - Ceiling Fan  - Pantries  - Built-In Desk*  - Garden and Pool Views Available  - Walk-In Closet  - Well Equipped Kitchens  - Full Size Washer and Dryer  - Plush Carpeting in All Bedrooms  - Fireplaces**  - Hall Storage Closets*  - Microwave  - Window Coverings  - 9-Foot Ceilings  - Entry Closets*  - Dual Access to Patio/Balcony*  - Satin Nickel Cabinet Hardware  - Crown Molding  - Central Heating & Air Conditioning  - Separate Hot Water Heaters  - Separate Dining Areas*  - Disability Access**  - Dishwasher  - Upgraded Cabinetry *Per plan *In select homes Community Amenities - 5 Miles from the Golden One Center  - Reserved Covered Parking  - Professionally Managed with On-Site Leasing Office  - Luxer One Package Delivery System  - Executive Business Center  - Controlled Access/Gated  - Conveniently Close to Shopping  - Concierge  - Non-Smoking Community  - BBQ & Picnic Areas Throughout  - Swimming Pool & Spa  - Corporate Housing Available  - On-Site Rental Storage Available  - Trellised Patio with Built-In Grills  - Clubhouse  - Attractive Landscaped Grounds with Water Feature  - Playground  - Easy Access to I-80 & I-5  - Resident Events  - Gated Community with Remote Access  - Public Parks Nearby  - 24-Hour Emergency Maintenance  - Attached & Detached 1&2 Car Garages Available (additional cost)  - Fitness Center  - Minutes to Downtown Sacramento Pet Policy Dogs and Cats Allowed•$500 Deposit for the first pet, $250 additional for the 2nd pet.•$35 Monthly Pet Rent Per Pet•50 lb Weight Limit•Breed restrictions apply•2 Pet LimitIncome Requirements: 2.5x rent amountOffice Hours Monday-Friday:9:00AM-6:00PMSaturday:9:00AM-5:00PMSunday:10:00AM-5:00PMVillagio 4101 Innovator Dr., Sacramento, CA, 95834Equal Housing Opportunity ZwE3c2hgw2oT

Date Posted: November 04, 2018 at 10:23
Price: $1835
Latitude: 38.644327
Longitude: -121.512866
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1129
