$1575 / 1br - Fun Fall Day at West Sacramento

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
"Furnished Studio - Only 2 Month Minimum!Take advantage of our special discounted rate! All utilities are included! show contact info
Looking for a place to call home for a couple months or longer? We have everything you need without the hassles of traditional apartments, all at a great rate. Each room comes with a fully equipped kitchen and plenty of workspace. And unlike apartments, cable and Wi-Fi are already hooked up and free! With no leases and no credit checks, we are move-in ready. So just bring yourself - and your furry family member - and feel right at home.Off I-80 in a commercial area of West Sacramento, this straightforward, all-suite hotel is 6 miles from the California State Capitol and 13 miles from the University of California, Davis. 

Classic studio suites come with free Wi-Fi and flat-screen TVs, plus kitchenettes and work desks. Upgraded 1-bedroom suites add pull-out sofas. Kids 17 and under stay free with an adult.

Parking and grab-and-go breakfast are complimentary. There's a 24/7 coin-operated laundry, and pets are accepted for a fee.Property AmenitiesAll Rooms Non-Smoking
Pet-Friendly Rooms Available
Weekly Housekeeping Included
Free Grab-and-Go Breakfast
On-Site Guest Laundry
Free Off-Street Parking
In-Room AmenitiesFully Equipped Kitchens
Full-Size Refrigerator
Electric Range
Microwave
Free In-Room Wi-Fi
Flat Screen TVs
Free Cable with Premium Channels
Iron & Ironing Board
Staying less than 2 months?  We also have great nightly, weekly, and 30-night rates.  Call for details.Minimum 60-night length of stay required. Booking conditions apply, including a nonrefundable deposit. Rates and availability subject to change. Rate will vary by room type and stay dates. Rate not inclusive of taxes and fees. Actual room may vary from those shown.Pet Policy: A $25 (+ tax) per day, per pet non-refundable cleaning fee for the first month (not to exceed $150 + tax per pet), payable the first night of your stay. Each month thereafter is a $10 non-refundable fee (+tax) per day for the first 5 days of each month (not to exceed $50 + tax per month, per pet). Weight, size, and breed restrictions may apply.This site may contain errors, inaccuracies, omissions or incomplete data (including without limitation mistaken hotel rates or availability). Extended Stay America reserves the right to revoke any stated offer and to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions including after a reservation order has been submitted and whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged.Extended Stay America - 795 Stillwater Rd, West Sacramento, CA 95605"

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 09:52
Price: $1575
Latitude: 38.592700
Longitude: -121.532500
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
