$1795 / 3br - 1232ft2 - Barbecue and picnic area, Pet friendly, Wood inspired flooring

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 This is a 3 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1232 Sq. Ft.  The life you desire is within sight at Bella Vista Apartments. Enjoy a beautiful day outside sharing a picnic, lounging at the resort style pool, or taking your pet to the dog park. Our fitness center is the perfect spot to keep fit and our business center lets you stay connected. In your home, enjoy available upgrades such as stainless steel appliances, wood-inspired flooring, and updated lighting. All of our spacious floorplans include a washer and dryer and private balconies or patios. Our convenient location puts you in walking distance of outdoor recreation opportunities, shopping, dining, and much more. Cool down on warm day at Wackford Community & Aquatic Park located just across the street. When it comes time for weekly errands or just a quick bite with friends, Laguna Crossroads is also within easy walking distance. Quick access to Highway 99 and I-5 makes for an easy commute to Sacramento.  Features: Full sized washer and dryer, Stainless Appliances*, Walk in closet*, Ceiling fan, Private balconies and patios, Wood inspired flooring*  *select homes Community Amenities: Faux Wood Floors, Dog Park, Pet friendly, Garage & covered parking available, Playground, Courtyard view, Business center and lounge, Resort style pool and spa, Resident clubhouse with kitchen, Online Payments Available, Barbecue and picnic area, Fitness center, Hub by Amazon: package lockers with 24/7 access  Pet Policy: We welcome you and your best friend, too! Interested In This Unit? Use this link for more details:http://fairfield-apts.com/h62gt7Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. Equal Housing Opportunity Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. gtFt2joO

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 15:50
Price: $1795
Latitude: 38.427957
Longitude: -121.418392
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1232
