$1329 / 2br - 840ft2 - Waived Application Fee's! 1x1 AND 2x1 Available NOW!!! (Sacramento)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
WAIVE YOUR APPLICATION FEE'S!

Welcome Home to Veranda at the Park!
Call Now:  show contact info
 

Veranda at the Park Apartments
2264 Cottage Way, Sacramento, CA, 95825

Veranda at the Park Apartments is home to premier apartments in Sacramento, CA. Open layouts and upscale features define the unique lifestyle that can only be found at our community. With its perfect location directly across the street from Howe Park, you will love calling Veranda at the Park Apartments your home.

Our apartment homes were carefully designed and newly renovated with you in mind. Residents of Veranda at the Veranda at the Park Apartments enjoy our one, and two-bedroom floor plans that suit any lifestyle. All of our luxury apartments feature spacious walk-in closets, new hardwood vinyl flooring, fully equipped kitchens and brand new countertops and cabinets. Best of all, Veranda at the Park Apartments is close to the most popular dining, shopping, and a wide variety of educational facilities in Sacramento.

Our pet-friendly community is set on beautiful grounds which is set to be newly renovated come Spring! Perfect for outdoor exercise and recreation. If you are searching for an apartment in Sacramento or are simply relocating to the Sacramento or Arden areas, come to Park Terrace. Offering the best luxury Sacramento apartments, we will help you feel right at home.

If you would like more information about Veranda at the Park Apartments in Sacramento, CA, please feel free to contact us. 
Apartment Features:
- Spacious walk-in closets 
- Decorative ceiling fans 
- Interior 2- tone painting 
- Private patio/balcony 
-New hardwood vinyl flooring
-Fully Equipped Kitchens 
Community Amenities
- Professionally landscaped grounds (set to be renovated in Spring)
- Gated community 
- Sparkling swimming pool 
- Concierge style office staff
- Full size washers and dryers in our laundry facility
-24 hour Mail CenterPet Policy:
Pets welcome!
$500.00 pet deposit and $15.00 pet rent, per pet, per month
(Breed restrictions apply and weight restrictions apply)
Call for further details 
Office Hours
Monday-Friday 8:30 AM-5 PM
Saturday Closed
Sunday: Closed

Equal Housing Opportunity

Date Posted: October 08, 2018 at 10:37
Price: $1329
Latitude: 38.603546
Longitude: -121.413046
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 840
