$520 Sensational Very Pleasant Neighborhood Fresh New Paint

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
3 Bedrooms 2 Baths Home.This Gorgeous Home Could Be Yours! Beautifully Landscaped With So Many Upgraded Features! Kitchen, 2 Dining Areas ~ Plus The Breakfast Bar, Granite Countertops, Ceramic Tile, Stainless Steel Appliances And Pantry Make For An Amazing Kitchen! The Master Suite Is A Dream Come True!!

For more details and pics; must see:  RtoHousing.Com
welcome to this greystone on the park plan 4. this home situated on a cul de sac is in quick walking distance to the 28 acre stagecoach park, that includes tennis courts, softball & soccer fields, indoor and outdoor basketball & volleyball, picnic areas & tot lot! you will also be close to the la costa towne center w/ all of it's shops & services! the home has had new carpet & tile added along w/ a fresh coat paint inside. the backyard is beautiful & relaxing w/ a nice mix of hardscape & landscaping c-sup hoa includes community pool/spa and maintains a pedestrian walking path to the shopping center and to stagecoach park served by encinitas union's mission estancia elementary and san dieguito union's digueno middle school. san dieguito union includes la costa canyon high (ranked 99th in california) and open enrollment eligibility for san dieguito high school academy (ranked 83rd in california) or canyon crest academy, ranked 17th in california by us news & world report! golf enthusiasts: rancho santa fe golf club, encinitas ranch, and the bridges at rancho santa fe are all within a 15 minute drive! san diego botanic garden and paul ecke sports park are within 4 miles. palomar airport only 7 miles away. live less than 5 miles to the beach! popular surf breaks at moonlight state beach, grandview, south ponto, and beacon's are all within a 15 minute drive! the home includes upgraded appliances in purchase price. stagecoach community park home»...»parks & community centers»south parks & facilities
 located in southeast carlsbad near the encinitas border, the 28-acre park is also home to an active community center that offers preschool programs, youth day camps, classes for all ages and open gymnasium play. features 17,400 square foot community center with meeting/activity rooms and gymnasium two covered picnic areas with barbecues and electricity three lighted athletic fields for softball, baseball, soccer and football, and snack bar facility lighted basketball courts: four half-court four lighted tennis courts with windscreens children's play area with sand lot riparian area: a portion of the encinitas creek willow woodland retained as a wildlife habitat restrooms fascinating fact the historic ruins at the park are the adobe remnants of a former stagecoach stop at rancho las encinitas.

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 14:03
Price: $520
Latitude: 36.910200
Longitude: -121.756900
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: NA
