$1510 / 1br - 800ft2 - REDUCED RENT!!! We're Open Today! Visit Us! (Sacramento, Natomas, West Sac, Davis)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
WELCOME TO VILLAGIO LUXURY APARTMENTS There's just something about Villagio and the gated, resort style of living there that feels so incredibly indulgent. Perhaps it's the Tuscan architecture and stately Italian cypress you see as you approach. Perhaps it's the 9-foot ceilings and crown molding in each lovely apartment home. Or maybe it's the trellised poolside patio and amazing granite and stacked stone BBQ islands.With luxurious amenities throughout and a fabulous Natomas location -- conveniently close to I-5, I-80, the Sacramento Airport and the Golden One Center -- there's no question that Villagio is someplace special. But it's the caring, professional Villagio staff, and the personalized concierge services they provide, that are truly beyond compare.Villagio offers 4 exciting open concept home plans. All feature upgraded finishes, abundant storage space, and full size washers and dryers. Community amenities include a fitness center, a refreshing pool and spa, an executive business center, and a well-appointed clubhouse for relaxing and entertaining.Villagio has also recently added the new Luxer One package system, which includes secured lockers for all resident deliveries. Corporate leases and one or two-car attached or detached garages are also available. So, if you're seeking the ultimate in apartment living, and ordinary just won't do, indulge yourself and experience life at Villagio.  Call Now:  show contact info
See our property details here:http://live.fpimgt.com/o933gL This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 800 Sq. Ft. Features - Disability Access**  - Crown Molding  - Plush Carpeting in All Bedrooms  - Built-In Desk*  - Hall Storage Closets*  - Breakfast Bars*  - Walk-In Closet  - Full Size Washer and Dryer  - Upgraded Cabinetry  - Separate Hot Water Heaters  - Dishwasher  - Well Equipped Kitchens  - Linen/Storage Closets*  - Plank Style Flooring  - Window Coverings  - Dual Access to Patio/Balcony*  - Central Heating & Air Conditioning  - Pantries  - Microwave  - Kitchen Windows*  - Entry Closets*  - Fireplaces**  - Satin Nickel Cabinet Hardware  - Garden and Pool Views Available  - 9-Foot Ceilings  - Separate Dining Areas*  - Ceiling Fan *In select homes *Per plan Community Amenities - Minutes to Downtown Sacramento  - Non-Smoking Community  - Controlled Access/Gated  - Luxer One Package Delivery System  - Executive Business Center  - Gated Community with Remote Access  - Attached & Detached 1&2 Car Garages Available (additional cost)  - 24-Hour Emergency Maintenance  - Swimming Pool & Spa  - Resident Events  - Conveniently Close to Shopping  - BBQ & Picnic Areas Throughout  - 5 Miles from the Golden One Center  - Public Parks Nearby  - Clubhouse  - On-Site Rental Storage Available  - Playground  - Easy Access to I-80 & I-5  - Concierge  - Attractive Landscaped Grounds with Water Feature  - Reserved Covered Parking  - Corporate Housing Available  - Trellised Patio with Built-In Grills  - Professionally Managed with On-Site Leasing Office  - Fitness Center Pet Policy Dogs and Cats Allowed•$500 Deposit for the first pet, $250 additional for the 2nd pet.•$35 Monthly Pet Rent Per Pet•50 lb Weight Limit•Breed restrictions apply•2 Pet LimitIncome Requirements: 2.5x rent amountOffice Hours Monday-Friday:9:00AM-6:00PMSaturday:9:00AM-5:00PMSunday:10:00AM-5:00PMVillagio 4101 Innovator Dr., Sacramento, CA, 95834Equal Housing Opportunity cTGHqW1cdU

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 08:56
Price: $1510
Latitude: 38.644327
Longitude: -121.512866
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 800
