$1660 / 2br - 995ft2 - Spacious 2x1 in Roseville! Granite, Washer/Dryer, F/P, Vaulted Ceiling (Roseville)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Cozy Up In Your New Home Welcome Home to Sonterra Luxury Living Call Now:  show contact info
Sonterra 700 Vallejo Avenue, Roseville, CA, 95678Use this link for more information:http://lease.conam.com/554iqw This is a 2 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 995 Sq. Ft.  Sonterra Living offers an ideal location in Roseville, CA with expansive 1 and 2 bedroom apartment homes for rent, plus we are conveniently near Westfield Galleria Mall and premier area restaurants. Not to mention, living at Sonterra you can take advantage of the highly acclaimed and award winning Roseville City School District.At Sonterra you will feel at home nestled in a tranquil neighborhood located with beautifully landscaped grounds. We have all amenities for you to enjoy; like working out in our 24-hr state of the art fitness center or, relax and meditate in our zen garden accompanied by a soothing water feature. Perhaps relaxing in our refreshing pool or our year-round heated spa. Finish off your day by enjoying time with friends and family cooking at our outdoor poolside BBQ or under one of our several arbor shaded BBQ areas throughout the community. Your pets are welcome at Sonterra with breed restrictions and applicable deposits. Finally, for your convenience we provide a business center with WiFi and package concierge. Sonterra presents apartment homes with brand new kitchens with granite counter tops, new cabinetry, stainless steel appliances, full size side-by-side washer and dryer, vinyl plank flooring, wood burning fireplace, abundant storage and more. Each home also includes a courtyard style patio or balcony for enjoying evenings with friends, neighbors or family. Stop by and visit Sonterra today!! Features - Extra Storage  - Microwaves  - Garbage Disposal  - New Cabinetry  - Ceiling Fan  - Central Heat and Air Conditioning  - Court Yard Style Patio or Balcony  - Stainless Steel Appliances  - Window Covering  - Luxury Plank Flooring  - Cable or Satellite  - Brand New Gourmet Kitchens  - Broadband Internet Access  - Spacious 1 and 2 Bedroom Apartments  - Granite Counter Tops  - Wood Burning Fireplace *  - Vaulted Ceilings  - Dishwasher  - Walk In Closets *  - Full Size, Side by Side Washer and Dryer  - Designer Carpet * In Select Homes Community Amenities - Garages Available  - Covered Parking  - Arbor Shaded BBQ Areas Throughout  - Beautiful Clubhouse with Fireplace  - Accepts Credit Card Payments Online  - Resident Club House  - Executive Business Center Onsite with Wi-Fi  - Poolside Outdoor BBQ with Built In Coolers for Refreshments  - 24-Hour Fitness Facility  - Close to Public Transportation  - Zen Garden with Soothing Water Feature  - Outdoor Fireplace with Comfortable Seating Area  - Close to Freeway's  - Near Westfield Galleria Mall and Premier Dining  - Refreshing Pool and Spa  - Disability Access  - Located in the Highly Acclaimed and Award Winning Roseville City School District Pet Policy Pets welcome with breed restrictions and applicable deposits. $500 pet deposit and maximum weight is 40lbs. Office Hours Mon - Fri 8:30am-5:30pmSat 10am-5pmClosed Sunday Disclaimer: Please be aware of scams on Craigslist. It is our practice never to require someone to complete a credit application or provide personal credit information before touring an apartment home. Rent is based on lease term selected. Please contact office for more details. Prices subject to change.Equal Housing Opportunity e1mQ1JrJarD

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 15:39
Price: $1660
Latitude: 38.760442
Longitude: -121.298118
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 995
