$1825 / 1br - 1000ft2 - Top Flr Apt w/ Balcony - center of Midtown -All Utilities are Included (18th and Capitol)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
$1825  Heart of Midtown and All utilities (gas,electric,water,sewer, and garbage) INCLUDED! (18th and Capitol)
BEAUTIFUL - This apartment is spacious, light and bright located in the middle of the popular Handle District of Midtown 
Many fabulous restaurants within blocks, in fact, you can see Zocalo from your front balcony patio! Paesanos, The Press, Chipotle, 58degrees, The Rind...Charming coffee shop a stroll away at Old Soul, boutique shopping, and a grocery store all within short walking distance. Light rail, freeways, and just blocks away from the Capitol and the Golden 1 Arena
Details:
This fourplex is a high water bungalow (The 1st floor feels like a 2nd) with a Victorian/Craftsman design. It has hardwood floors, pocket doors, wainscoting, built-in buffets, picture-frame molding and display cabinets with leaded glass. Large, walk-in closet with built-in storage. Original woodwork which is beautifully detailed, coved ceilings, vintage light fixtures.
This unit has been renovated and restored with brand new Central heat and air, new black and white checkered vinyl in bath and kitchen all while preserving the historic details within the original built-ins, trundle bed storage, large refinished claw-foot tub, huge walk-in closet, and hardwood floors. It is bright and airy with a large dual-pane window, refrigerator and oven, private storage unit off recently restored private back patio, and a maintained, secure backyard courtyard surrounded by wall of trees where you can park your bicycle or your BBQ.
Heating and Air: Ductless CENTRAL HEAT and AIR
Gas, Electricity, Water, Sewer, Garbage, Gardener -ALL paid by owner
Bedrooms: 1 Bed
Bathrooms: 1 Bath
Parking: Street - permit
Lease Duration: 1 Year (See Details Below)
Deposit: $1,000
Pets Policy: Cats OK
Laundry: secured on property
GET YOUR APPS IN TODAY -DON'T MISS OUT ON THIS BEAUTIFULLY RESTORED and UPGRADED UNIT!

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 18:16
Price: $1825
Latitude: 38.573848
Longitude: -121.484095
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 1000
