$1184 / 1br - 600ft2 - We love pets at Montage Apartments in Citrus Heights! (Citrus Heights)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Find Your Dream Apartment in Orangevale & Citrus Heights, CA
You deserve an apartment you're excited to come home to - and at Montage Apartments, we'll help you find the perfect fit. You'll feel like you're living in the most state-of-the-art apartment complex in the greater Sacramento area!
In addition to beautiful apartments, our complex features a plethora of amenities including three resort style pools, a yoga and cardio group room, and a world-class 24-hour fitness center complete with a brand new climbing wall!
More than just a wonderful place to relax and stay healthy, Montage Apartments is in the perfect location. Not to mention, we're conveniently located near many restaurants and various shopping centers like Sunrise Mall!
Find the Perfect Apartment in Orangevale or Citrus Heights, CA
When you make Montage Apartments your new home, you're choosing to live in a beautiful apartment complex with state-of-the-art amenities and a location that's perfect for any lifestyle. Situated within the San Juan Unified School District near both Sierra College and American River College, we're close to a number of natural and urban attractions. We're happily accepting new tenants, and we have both 1 and 2 bedroom apartments for rent in a variety of sizes and floor plans.
Our amenities include:
‒ State-of-the-art Fitness Center
‒ Pet Friendly / Dog Park Onsite
‒ Two Relaxing Spas
‒ Golf Course Views*
‒ Central Air/Heating
Act now to take advantage of our limited-time specials!
$600 OFF Your First Month's Rent on small 1BRs and $250 Off YOUR First Month's Rent on all other unit types! However, if you'd just prefer a lower rate, just ask the office to prorate the special! Hurry now before special ends!
Prices starting at: $1184
Call  show contact info

For more information, visit us at: liveatjrk.com/montage_dc9e458d_498350

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 04:46
Price: $1184
Latitude: 38.684098
Longitude: -121.262398
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 600
