$1695 / 2br - 1041ft2 - Perfect Place to Call Home, Two Bedroom Condo, Garage, Free Rent (Roseville)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

MOVE IN SPECIAL! One month Free Rent.
This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1041 Sq. Ft. 
PIENZA
This designer Two Bedroom, Two Bath floor plan is 1041 sq. ft. and is located in a beautiful gated community near shopping and entertainment. This unique dual master home offers an entertainment style kitchen, dramatic 9 foot ceilings, large oval bath and a spacious laundry room with full size washer & dryer. 
This beautiful home offers 2 assigned parking spaces.
Our most popular home is now available. This dual master plan is perfect for roommates, families, or a single person who needs an additional room for a guest bedroom or office. 
Style, sophistication, beautiful landscaping and stunning architecture accent the Villages of the 
Galleria apartment homes, located in dynamic Roseville, California. Villages of the Galleria is just minutes from the Galleria Mall and Fountains at Roseville and offers easy freeway access to downtown, Sacramento International Airport, Arco Arena and major employers such as NEC, Oracle and HP. Select from a variety of one, two or three bedroom floor plans. All apartment homes offer gracious living areas with designer two-tone paint, crown molding, large walk-in closets and in home full size washer and dryer. Enjoy the many fine conveniences offered, such as an expansive fitness center, executive business center and refreshing pool. Villages of the Galleria is the perfect place to call home. 
Features:
Full Size Washer/Dryer, Entertainment Style Kitchens, Microwave, Pre-Wired for High Speed Internet, Private Garages *, Covered Parking *, Contemporary Recessed Lighting, Custom Maple-Front Cabinetry, Built-In Linen Closet in Bathroom *, Six-Panel Interior Doors, Oval Roman Soaking Tub *, Pantry *, Nine-Foot Ceilings, Cozy Gas Fireplace with Mantel *, Spacious Walk-In Closet(s) *, Private Balconies and Patios, Energy-Saving Multi-Cycle Dishwasher, Crown Molding Accents 
Community Amenities:
Executive Business Center, Playground, Open Air Cabanas, Fitness Center, Pool and Spa, Picnic Area with Barbecue, Beautiful Landscaped Court Yards, Gated Community, Easy Access to Freeways, Sand Volleyball, Community Garden, Professional Onsite Management w/ 24-Hour Emergency Maintenance, Clubhouse, Close to Shopping 
Pet Policy:
Maximum of 2 pets cats or dogs. No weight limit. Additional $25 rent per month and additional $500 deposit per pet. Inquire about our breed restrictions. 
Use this link for more info:
http://rcmi.aptdetails.com/8v2r45
Equal Housing Opportunity 
f5ClyhbP

Date Posted: November 02, 2018 at 18:05
Price: $1695
Latitude: 38.780004
Longitude: -121.278913
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1041
