$1835 / 2br - 1015ft2 - The Two Bedroom Of Your DREAMS! Call TODAY! (Elk Grove)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 
This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1015 Sq. Ft. 
Siena Villas Apartments is a luxury community located in the desirable Elk Grove, we combine a beautiful Tuscany style architecture, lush landscaped grounds and first class amenities all providing you with a resort style community to call home. 
Living at Siena Villas you'll enjoy the natural surroundings as you stroll through the lush greenery pathways into the community of Elk Grove. With our ideal convenient location you're sure to enjoy a latte at the local cafe or a bike ride along the lake. The arrays of activities are endless when you call Siena Villas your new home. 
Siena Villas offers exceptional community amenities including, a unique lap pool, plus a second large refreshing pool, fitness center, canoe rentals and much more. While living in one of our luxury one, two or three apartment homes, you can take advantage of abundant features like large closets, roman soaking tubs, two tone paint, and crown molding to name a few. We look forward to helping you make your new home with us at Siena Villas. 
Features:
Walk In Closets, Refrigerator, Window Coverings, Two Tone Paint, Soaking Tub, Wheelchair Access, Crown Moulding, Gas Fireplace, Upgraded Carpeting, Dishwasher and Garbage Disposal, 9 Foot Ceilings, Built-In Microwave Ovens, Receive Great Rates From Our Personal Comcast Representative, Central Heating and Air, Luxurious Roman Soaking Tubs in Upper Level Homes, Washer & Dryer, Extra Storage, Handrails, Ceiling Fans, Private Decks and Balconies 
Community Amenities:
Carport and Covered Parking, Professional On-Site Team, Private Garages Available $125*, Unique Lap Pool for Exercise and a Large Refreshing Pool for Recreation, Free Canoe Rental to Utilize at the Private and Exclusive Laguna West Lake, Playground, Soothing Spa, BBQ Area, Free Bike Rental, Recycling, Monthly Events Including Wine Tastings, Taco nights and More!, Executive Business Center, Fitness Center with Free Group Classes, Public Transportation Right Outside the Property, Free Movie Check Out Library with the Latest Titles, Courtyard, Enclosed Pet Park for Your Valued Pets, Short Term Lease, Resident Club House 
* Available in Select Units
Pet Policy:
Cats - 2 allowed, Rent $40.00, Deposit $500.00
Dogs - 2 allowed, Rent $40.00, Deposit $500.00 
Use this link for more information:
http://live.fpimgt.com/6svq19
Equal Housing Opportunity 
fsQLjg7el

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 14:24
Price: $1835
Latitude: 38.424300
Longitude: -121.437000
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1015
