$1425 / 1br - 714ft2 - Great Place to Call Home, One Bedroom, MOVE IN SPECIAL! (Roseville)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Roseville's Premier Luxury Condominium RentalsMOVE IN SPECIAL! Receive One Month Free Rent. Also Receive an Additional $300 Off Your Rent (move in before November 25th) FLORENCEThis designer One Bedroom, One Bath home is 714 sq. ft. and is located in a Prestigious Luxury Gated Community near the Galleria Mall. This home offers dramatic 9 foot ceilings, crown molding, upgraded maple cabinetry, a unique walk-in closet with French doors, spacious bathroom with large oval tub and laundry room with full size washer & dryer.Great location with private patio, relaxing LARGE oval bath tub, Spacious walk-in closet with French doors and private in-home laundry room with full size washer & dryer.Style, sophistication, beautiful landscaping and stunning architecture accent the Villages of the Galleria apartment homes, located in dynamic Roseville, California. Villages of the Galleria is just minutes from the Galleria Mall and Fountains at Roseville and offers easy freeway access to downtown, Sacramento International Airport, Arco Arena and major employers such as NEC, Oracle and HP. Select from a variety of one, two or three bedroom floor plans. All apartment homes offer gracious living areas with designer two-tone paint, crown molding, large walk-in closets and in home full size washer and dryer. Enjoy the many fine conveniences offered, such as an expansive fitness center, executive business center and refreshing pool. Villages of the Galleria is the perfect place to call home.  Call Now:  show contact info
Need more information? Copy this link:http://rcmi.aptdetails.com/517to9 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 714 Sq. Ft. Features - Built-In Linen Closet in Bathroom *  - Oval Roman Soaking Tub *  - Full Size Washer/Dryer  - Private Balconies and Patios  - Pantry *  - Microwave  - Crown Molding Accents  - Private Garages *  - Custom Maple-Front Cabinetry  - Contemporary Recessed Lighting  - Covered Parking *  - Six-Panel Interior Doors  - Energy-Saving Multi-Cycle Dishwasher  - Spacious Walk-In Closet(s) *  - Pre-Wired for High Speed Internet  - Entertainment Style Kitchens  - Cozy Gas Fireplace with Mantel *  - Nine-Foot Ceilings Community Amenities - Playground  - Picnic Area with Barbecue  - Executive Business Center  - Sand Volleyball  - Close to Shopping  - Open Air Cabanas  - Community Garden  - Pool and Spa  - Beautiful Landscaped Court Yards  - Easy Access to Freeways  - Gated Community  - Professional Onsite Management w/ 24-Hour Emergency Maintenance  - Fitness Center  - Clubhouse Pet Policy Maximum of 2 pets cats or dogs. No weight limit. Additional $25 rent per month and additional $500 deposit per pet. Inquire about our breed restrictions. Office Hours Monday - Friday 9:00 AM - 6:00 PMSaturday 10:00 AM - 5:00 PMSunday 12:00 PM - 5:00 PM Villages of the Galleria 701 Gibson Drive, Roseville, CA, 95678Equal Housing Opportunity Z96VpLbPuy1j

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 09:11
Price: $1425
Latitude: 38.779996
Longitude: -121.278924
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 714
