$5241 / 2br - 1095ft2 - Large Two Bedroom In Great Location, Walk To The Embarcadero. (333 Fremont Street, San Francisco CA.)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
TWO BEDROOM TWO BATH WITH LOTS OF SUNLIGHT AND BALCONY - "KING" #709 -FLOOR PLAN- IN A BOUTIQUE BUILDING,- PET FRIENDLY- FREE BIKE STORAGE, WEB PASS READY. 
Welcome to modern urban living at 333 Fremont! Located in the heart of San Francisco's Rincon Hill / South Beach neighborhood, one could simply "walk to work" from their home at 333 Fremont. The central location offers convenience to downtown offices, banks, transportation, restaurants, cafes, shopping, night-life, museums and the world-famous San Francisco Bay waterfront.
The eighty-three unit, newly developed, residential building provides the perfect balance of comfort with modern style, with a boutique residential feel. Each residence of either a one bedroom or two bedroom offers high-end finishes, hardwood floor, top-of-the line stainless appliances and in-unit laundry facilities.
RESIDENCES:
Engineered hardwood flooring. Thick underlayment under the wood floors to eliminate sound from the unit above.
Over-sized sound-deadening double pane windows to isolate the outside noise.
Fully adjustable window shades.
Tall ceilings.
High-end contemporary finishes.
Large closets with abundant closet space.
Stainless steel appliances.
Full-size dishwasher with top controls hidden for the more modern luxury feel.
5 burner gas range stove.
Modern white-gloss cabinetry with brushed metal hardware with soft-close hinges and hardware
Chic pendant lighting over bar.
Hand selected Imported Italian granite counter-tops.
Grohe chrome kitchen faucets with large under mount sinks.
Glass tile backsplash.
Over-sized soaking tubs and spacious walk-in glass showers with environmentally sound low-flow fixtures.
Large bathroom vanities with spacious built-in drawers.
Electric heaters.
Coat closets for additional storage.
A variety of units include large balconies/patios with spectacular Downtown and Bay views.
AMENITIES and SERVICES:
Cable & Wifi - Webpass, Comcast, XFinity.
Secured Key - Card building access
Controlled entry system controlled by mobile handset
Private Security
Secured below-grade attached garage
Secured motorcycle parking in garage
Additional secured storage units
Bicycle storage
Environmentally conscious dog run facility
Residential discounts available for local gym memberships
Webpass and cable high speed internet ready
Doorstep package delivery
Dry cleaning services
Exclusive resident events
PARKING: Available for just $299/month
HOURS:
Monday-Friday, 8AM-5PM, By Appointment Only
Saturday, 8AM-5PM, By Appointment Only
Johnny Diaz
Resident Relations Manager

Date Posted: October 06, 2018 at 16:25
Price: $5241
Latitude: 37.787836
Longitude: -122.393396
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1095
