$1575 / 1br - 750ft2 - Corner 1 bedroom, huge bathroom and full size washer/dryer! (Roseville)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Stoneridge2801 Alexandra DriveRoseville, CA 95661Monday: 10AM-6PMTuesday: 9AM-6PMWednesday: 9AM-6PMThursday: 9AM-6PMFriday: 9AM-6PMSaturday: 9AM-6PMSunday: 10AM-6PMStoneridge Apartments offers smoke free housing and smoking is prohibited in all apartment homes and areas within 25 feet of buildings and common areas. E-Cigarettes and vaping is permitted.Come see how this gated community is the perfect location to fit your lifestyle! This prestigious and beautiful community is tucked away in one of Roseville, California's best neighborhoods. While being located near I-80 you will enjoy premier dining, entertainment and shopping just minutes away. Sunsplash/Golfland is within a few minutes' drive; the Westfield Galleria Mall and The Fountains at Roseville is just 3 miles away! Unwind in our lap size swimming pool, soak in the spa or get in a sweat session in our 24 hour fitness center. Walk to the adjacent George Goto Park and enjoy tennis in the courts across the street. We can't wait to meet you and help you find your new home!Community Amenities2 Car Garage Parking On Select Units • 24-Hour Emergency Maintenance • 24-Hour Fitness Center • 24-Hour Maintenance Guarantee • Business Center • Carport • Clubhouse • Complimentary Wi-Fi • Controlled Access • Garage Available On Select Units • Lap-Size Swimming Pool • Online Rent Payments • Online Service Requests • Picnic Area • Playground • Resident Activity Program • Short Term Lease Options • SpaApartment Amenities9 Foot Ceilings • Berber Style Carpeting • Built In Computer Station *Select Units • Built-In Microwave • Ceiling Fan • Centralized Heating And Air • Cottage • Custom Maple Cabinets • Dual Master Suites • Full Size Washer/Dryer • Gas Fireplaces In Select Apartments • Linen Closet • Private Balcony/Patio • Scenic View • Tile Entry • Walk-In ClosetsPets - Max 2 allowed, Max weight 25 lb each, Rent $15.00, Deposit $400.00Comments: Only indoor adult cats and indoor adult dogs are allowed; adult is defined as at least one year old. Deposit and monthly pet rent are per pet.  Small caged animals are allowed without a deposit and pet rent. Small caged animals that are allowed are common domesticated household birds, hamsters, gerbils, rabbits, guinea pigs, chinchillas and aquarium/terrarium animals including fish, hermit crabs, turtles, frogs, and small lizards.  Animals such as birds of prey, iguanas, ferrets, snakes, rats, mice, insects, arachnids (including spiders and scorpions), livestock, or any other exotic animals are not allowed. No animals are allowed that are venomous, biting, stinging, constricting, or pose a threat of infestation. Small animals are limited to a maximum of two, with the exception of fish which should be kept to a reasonable amount, and must be kept confined in appropriate and reasonably sized cages or aquariums/terrariums.  Resident shall not have more than three aquariums and the total combined capacity between all aquariums shall not exceed 40 gallons.Phone:  show contact info
 Url: http://www.roseville-california-apartments.net/t/ad?ref=de80eb show contact info
fc59210ff024c7a9Federal law prohibits housing discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, familial status, or disability.

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 09:48
Price: $1575
Latitude: 38.734600
Longitude: -121.234000
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 750
