$1895 / 4br - 1368ft2 - NEED SPACIOUS LIVING????AVAILABLE NOW!!! 4X2  Townhome! N. HIGHLANDS (North Highlands)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        

    
       
              COME TO TOUR YOUR NEW HOME!!!
  
  Property Address

4930 Polk Street - | North Highlands, CA 95660
Offered By


  Sierra Park Townhomes  | 


Description
  
    Welcome to Sierra Park Townhomes!
Sierra Park Townhomes offer exceptional living accommodations nestled within professional, manicured grounds, to create a park like atmosphere.  With controlled access to the community and  all the comforts of home, we proudly offer two, three, and four bedroom town homes.
The community is the perfect location for your on-the-go lifestyle with convenient access to major freeways, shopping, entertainment, and dining. 
 NEW flooring and brand NEW appliances! We are completely renovating each townhome to offer all of the modern conveniences you deserve! All of our spacious floorplans are two stories and have been 100% freshly painted, inside and out! 
The entire first floor has brand NEW wood laminate floors throughout! The generous sized living room has large windows that welcome in the natural sunlight. Step into the kitchen that offers a brand NEW refrigerator, gas stove, built in microwave and dishwasher. Equipped with full sized washer and dryer in every home. 
Mosey upstairs to find large bedrooms that all offer ample closet space. All rooms have had brand NEW carpet installed. Coming home has never been more rewarding.
Our community offers a clubhouse and business center for your social and business needs. Whether you're an avid swimmer or just like to take a dip, our resort style pool is a great place to stay in shape or gather with friends and neighbors to lounge poolside. 
Our professional onsite management and maintenance team provide prompt and quality service to exceed your expectations and make you feel at home. 
Call now and reserve your new home TODAY! Accepting applications NOW! 
Please call or email for an appointment.
Rental Criteria/Qualifications:
*2.5 Times the amount of rent in monthly gross income
*No Evictions/Landlord Bad Debt in Past 7 Years.
*1 Year Stable Rental History. 
*Positive Credit History
*Water/Sewer/Trash Flat Rate $65 Monthly 
*Equal Housing Opportunity*
*All application information will be verified.*
  

  Amenities
  Swimming Pool
      Gated Community
      Patio Courtyard
      Clubhouse
      On Site Management and Maintenance
      Assigned Parking
  Details
  Rental Terms
  

    
Available: NOW!!!
    
Application Fee: $30.00
    
Security Deposit: $800 O.A.C

  
Pet Policy
   $500 additional deposit per pet (2 max)

      Cats allowed
      Small dogs allowed

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 15:40
Price: $1895
Latitude: 38.655299
Longitude: -121.378278
Bedrooms: 4
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1368
