$1550 / 2br - 932ft2 - Gated community, New quartz countertops, Sport court, Wi-Fi lounge (Rancho Cordova)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
 Reduce Security Deposit & Waived Application Fee! City Convenience with a New Standard of Luxury. AVION is the premier address for apartments in Rancho Cordova, CA. Open layouts and upscale features define the unique lifestyle that can only be found in our community. Residents of AVION enjoy our one, two, and three-bedroom floor plans that suit any lifestyle. All of our luxury apartments feature 9-foot ceilings with custom crown molding, in-unit washers & dryers, ceramic tile entries, spacious walk-in closets, and cultured marble countertops.Our Rancho Cordova apartments offer some of the best community features such as a clubhouse with fireside lounge, fully-equipped fitness center, and a resort-inspired swimming pool. Our pet-friendly community is set on beautiful grounds - perfect for outdoor exercise and recreation. Best of all, AVION is close to the most popular dining, shopping, and entertainment venues in the city. Our apartments were carefully designed with you in mind. Let our stellar community staff help you feel right at home. Call and come visit AVION to discover the best luxury apartments in Rancho Cordova, CA.  Call Now:  show contact info
More unit details at:http://avenue5.aptfeatures.com/9955vs This is a 2 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 932 Sq. Ft. Features - Garages with remote available  - Decorative ceiling fans  - Private patio and balcony  - New quartz countertops  - Electronic intrusion alarms  - Newly renovated units  - Spacious walk-in closets  - In-home full size washer and dryer  - Convenient breakfast bar  - Separate dining areas  - Fireplaces available  - Dramatic 9 foot ceilings with custom crown molding  - Custom interior painting Community Amenities - Wi-Fi lounge  - Whirlpool spa  - Playground  - Online Payments Available  - Billiards room  - Gated community  - Sport court  - Courtyard picnic area  - Professionally landscaped grounds  - Clubhouse with fireside lounge  - New fitness center  - 24-hour package center  - Pets welcome - call for details  - Resort-inspired swimming pool  - Dog park Pet Policy Max 2 allowed Rent $35.00 Deposit $500.00Restrictions: Doberman Pincher, Rottweiler, American Stafford, Pitt Bull, German Shepherd, Mastiff, Chow Chow, Dalmation, Akita, Shar Pei Avion 3250 Laurelhurst Drive, Rancho Cordova, CA, 95670Equal Housing Opportunity zj8VY8xVJ

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 15:26
Price: $1550
Latitude: 38.577357
Longitude: -121.304164
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 932
