$1610 / 1br - 800ft2 - Beautiful 1-Bedroom with Detached Garage! Full Size Washer & Dryer! (Sacramento, Natomas)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
WELCOME TO VILLAGIO LUXURY APARTMENTS There's just something about Villagio and the gated, resort style of living there that feels so incredibly indulgent. Perhaps it's the Tuscan architecture and stately Italian cypress you see as you approach. Perhaps it's the 9-foot ceilings and crown molding in each lovely apartment home. Or maybe it's the trellised poolside patio and amazing granite and stacked stone BBQ islands.With luxurious amenities throughout and a fabulous Natomas location -- conveniently close to I-5, I-80, the Sacramento Airport and the Golden One Center -- there's no question that Villagio is someplace special. But it's the caring, professional Villagio staff, and the personalized concierge services they provide, that are truly beyond compare.Villagio offers 4 exciting open concept home plans. All feature upgraded finishes, abundant storage space, and full size washers and dryers. Community amenities include a fitness center, a refreshing pool and spa, an executive business center, and a well-appointed clubhouse for relaxing and entertaining.Villagio has also recently added the new Luxer One package system, which includes secured lockers for all resident deliveries. Corporate leases and one or two-car attached or detached garages are also available. So, if you're seeking the ultimate in apartment living, and ordinary just won't do, indulge yourself and experience life at Villagio.  Call Now:  show contact info
See our property details here:http://live.fpimgt.com/z5gxg8 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 800 Sq. Ft. Features - Plush Carpeting in All Bedrooms  - Separate Dining Areas*  - Garden and Pool Views Available  - Crown Molding  - Built-In Desk*  - Central Heating & Air Conditioning  - Pantries  - Microwave  - Ceiling Fan  - Plank Style Flooring  - Well Equipped Kitchens  - Linen/Storage Closets*  - Dual Access to Patio/Balcony*  - Upgraded Cabinetry  - 9-Foot Ceilings  - Satin Nickel Cabinet Hardware  - Separate Hot Water Heaters  - Kitchen Windows*  - Window Coverings  - Dishwasher  - Hall Storage Closets*  - Walk-In Closet  - Entry Closets*  - Disability Access**  - Full Size Washer and Dryer  - Breakfast Bars*  - Fireplaces** *Per plan *In select homes Community Amenities - Attractive Landscaped Grounds with Water Feature  - Corporate Housing Available  - Concierge  - Clubhouse  - Non-Smoking Community  - Minutes to Downtown Sacramento  - 24-Hour Emergency Maintenance  - Professionally Managed with On-Site Leasing Office  - BBQ & Picnic Areas Throughout  - Easy Access to I-80 & I-5  - Fitness Center  - Controlled Access/Gated  - Luxer One Package Delivery System  - Reserved Covered Parking  - Playground  - 5 Miles from the Golden One Center  - Executive Business Center  - Attached & Detached 1&2 Car Garages Available (additional cost)  - Trellised Patio with Built-In Grills  - Swimming Pool & Spa  - Public Parks Nearby  - Gated Community with Remote Access  - Resident Events  - On-Site Rental Storage Available  - Conveniently Close to Shopping Pet Policy Dogs and Cats Allowed•$500 Deposit for the first pet, $250 additional for the 2nd pet.•$35 Monthly Pet Rent Per Pet•50 lb Weight Limit•Breed restrictions apply•2 Pet LimitIncome Requirements: 2.5x rent amountOffice Hours Monday-Friday:9:00AM-6:00PMSaturday:9:00AM-5:00PMSunday:10:00AM-5:00PMVillagio 4101 Innovator Dr., Sacramento, CA, 95834Equal Housing Opportunity qz5ERgTVjch

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 09:56
Price: $1610
Latitude: 38.644294
Longitude: -121.512909
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 800
