$1680 Dont be left out in the cold. Book with us today !! (Elk Grove)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
"Furnished Studio - Only 2 Month Minimum!Take advantage of our special discounted rate! All utilities are included! show contact info
Looking for a place to call home for a couple months or longer? We have everything you need without the hassles of traditional apartments, all at a great rate. Each room comes with a fully equipped kitchen and plenty of workspace. And unlike apartments, cable and Wi-Fi are already hooked up and free! With no leases and no credit checks, we are move-in ready. So just bring yourself - and your furry family member - and feel right at home.This extended-stay hotel in a modern building is 4 miles from the Morse Park playground, dog park and athletic fields, and 10 miles from the Sacramento Zoo. 

The relaxed studio suites, decorated in earth-tones provide free Wi-Fi, full kitchens, plus flat-screen TVs with premium channels. Some come with desks and recliners, and kids 17 and under stay with an adult at no extra charge.

The hotel serves free grab-and-go breakfast. Other amenities include a 24-hour coin-operated laundry, and pets are welcome in select rooms for a fee.Property AmenitiesPet-Friendly Rooms Available
Weekly Housekeeping Included
Free Grab-and-Go Breakfast
On-Site Guest Laundry
In-Room AmenitiesFully Equipped Kitchens
Full-Size Refrigerator
Electric Range
Microwave
Free In-Room Wi-Fi
Flat Screen TVs
Free Cable with Premium Channels
Iron & Ironing Board
Staying less than 2 months?  We also have great nightly, weekly, and 30-night rates.  Call for details.Minimum 60-night length of stay required. Booking conditions apply, including a nonrefundable deposit. Rates and availability subject to change. Rate will vary by room type and stay dates. Rate not inclusive of taxes and fees. Actual room may vary from those shown.Pet Policy: A $25 (+ tax) per day, per pet non-refundable cleaning fee for the first month (not to exceed $150 + tax per pet), payable the first night of your stay. Each month thereafter is a $10 non-refundable fee (+tax) per day for the first 5 days of each month (not to exceed $50 + tax per month, per pet). Weight, size, and breed restrictions may apply.This site may contain errors, inaccuracies, omissions or incomplete data (including without limitation mistaken hotel rates or availability). Extended Stay America reserves the right to revoke any stated offer and to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions including after a reservation order has been submitted and whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged.Extended Stay America - 2201 Long Port Court, Elk Grove, CA 95758"

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 10:35
Price: $1680
Latitude: 38.424300
Longitude: -121.437000
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: NA
