$1695 / 2br - 1041ft2 - Two Bedoom Condo Available to Rent in Roseville (Roseville)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1041 Sq. Ft. 
PIENZA
This designer Two Bedroom, Two Bath floor plan is 1041 sq. ft. and is located in a beautiful gated community near shopping and entertainment. This unique dual master home offers an entertainment style kitchen, dramatic 9 foot ceilings, large oval bath and a spacious laundry room with full size washer & dryer. 
This beautiful home offers 2 assigned parking spaces.
Our most popular home is now available. This dual master plan is perfect for roommates, families, or a single person who needs an additional room for a guest bedroom or office. 
We have other available two bedrooms condos for the November time frame starting at $1775.
Style, sophistication, beautiful landscaping and stunning architecture accent the Villages of the 
Galleria apartment homes, located in dynamic Roseville, California. Villages of the Galleria is just minutes from the Galleria Mall and Fountains at Roseville and offers easy freeway access to downtown, Sacramento International Airport, Arco Arena and major employers such as NEC, Oracle and HP. Select from a variety of one, two or three bedroom floor plans. All apartment homes offer gracious living areas with designer two-tone paint, crown molding, large walk-in closets and in home full size washer and dryer. Enjoy the many fine conveniences offered, such as an expansive fitness center, executive business center and refreshing pool. Villages of the Galleria is the perfect place to call home. 
Features:
Built-In Linen Closet in Bathroom *, Full Size Washer/Dryer, Six-Panel Interior Doors, Microwave, Nine-Foot Ceilings, Cozy Gas Fireplace with Mantel *, Oval Roman Soaking Tub *, Private Balconies and Patios, Private Garages *, Contemporary Recessed Lighting, Covered Parking *, Spacious Walk-In Closet(s) *, Pantry *, Custom Maple-Front Cabinetry, Pre-Wired for High Speed Internet, Crown Molding Accents, Energy-Saving Multi-Cycle Dishwasher, Entertainment Style Kitchens 
Community Amenities:
Easy Access to Freeways, Sand Volleyball, Gated Community, Picnic Area with Barbecue, Playground, Executive Business Center, Open Air Cabanas, Beautiful Landscaped Court Yards, Community Garden, Clubhouse, Professional Onsite Management w/ 24-Hour Emergency Maintenance, Pool and Spa, Close to Shopping, Fitness Center 
Pet Policy:
Maximum of 2 pets cats or dogs. No weight limit. Additional $25 rent per month and additional $500 deposit per pet. Inquire about our breed restrictions. 
Visit This Website to See More:
http://rcmi.aptdetails.com/4049pg
Equal Housing Opportunity 
uBfBUYu9m

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 17:24
Price: $1695
Latitude: 38.779979
Longitude: -121.278913
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1041
