$1250 / 2br - 800ft2 - The Grass IS Greener in Greenhaven! 2 Bedroom, 1 1/2 Bath Units (Pocket-Greenhaven)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Who wants an apartment that looks just like EVERY OTHER complex out there???  At Villa Riviera we have VINTAGE touches and GIANT closets that will knock your socks off!
Villa Rivera is a SMALL apartment community located in the QUIET and beautiful POCKET AREA of Sacramento.  We are just 2 blocks away from shopping, minutes away from downtown Sacramento, close to the freeway, and right on the bus line.  We are near several great schools, bike trails, boat launch (Garcia Bend), and gorgeous community parks.  To schedule an appointment, please call  show contact info
.  Our address is 553 Windward Way (on the corner of Florin Road and Windward Way near Riverside Boulevard).  PLEASE REMEMBER TO LEAVE YOUR CONTACT INFORMATION IF YOU PLAN TO RESPOND TO THIS POST VIA EMAIL.  OTHERWISE, CALL THE OFFICE PHONE.  Thank you!
Our apartment homes include:
Approx. 800 sq. ft. 2 bedroom / 1-1/2 bath units (Also have 1 Bedroom/1 Bath and 2 Bedroom/2 Bath Units Available)
New carpeting (subject to certain units)
Central heat and air
Stove/oven (Electric)
Refrigerator
Dishwasher
Ceiling fans
Window coverings
ABUNDANT closet space
Private patios and balconies (subject to certain units)
Gated community
Assigned covered parking
Sparkling pool
Laundry facility (open 24 hours per day)
BLANKETED with mature and shady trees
MONTH-TO-MONTH rental agreements
Landlord pays Water-Sewer-Garbage bill
Tenant only pays for SMUD.  That's right... no PG & E bill!
On-site apartment management
Standard deposit is upon credit approval with no contingencies - deposit may be increased at sole discretion of Landlord
Cats and Certain Dogs OK with $300 increased deposit and $50 additional monthly rent per 2 approved animals (dogs and/or cats).  Please note that the size and breed must be pre-approved by the Landlord and is at the sole discretion of the Landlord.  There is a limit of 2 pets per household and a maximum weight limit of 90 lbs.
$25 credit check fee is non-refundable (cash/cashier's check/money order ONLY - no personal checks) for each person 18 and over
Additional $50 deposit for gate opener to parking lot
We have GREAT tenants (some have been living here for over 15 years).  Our staff is friendly, professional, and eager to complete your repair requests as quickly as possible.  So.... stop on by and take a look at what we have to offer here at Villa Riviera Apartments.  We may just be the Pocket area's best hidden secret!!!

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 10:25
Price: $1250
Latitude: NA
Longitude: NA
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1.5
Sqft: 800
