$1975 / 3br - 1232ft2 - Faux Wood Floors, Online Payments Available, Stainless Appliances (Elk Grove)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 3 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1232 Sq. Ft. 
The life you desire is within sight at Bella Vista Apartments. Enjoy a beautiful day outside sharing a picnic, lounging at the resort style pool, or taking your pet to the dog park. Our fitness center is the perfect spot to keep fit and our business center lets you stay connected. In your home, enjoy available upgrades such as stainless steel appliances, wood-inspired flooring, and updated lighting. All of our spacious floorplans include a washer and dryer and private balconies or patios. Our convenient location puts you in walking distance of outdoor recreation opportunities, shopping, dining, and much more. Cool down on warm day at Wackford Community & Aquatic Park located just across the street. When it comes time for weekly errands or just a quick bite with friends, Laguna Crossroads is also within easy walking distance. Quick access to Highway 99 and I-5 makes for an easy commute to Sacramento. 
Features:
Wood inspired flooring*, Private balconies and patios, Full sized washer and dryer, Ceiling fan, Walk in closet*, Stainless Appliances* 
*select homes
Community Amenities:
Hub by Amazon: package lockers with 24/7 access, Dog Park, Barbecue and picnic area, Resident clubhouse with kitchen, Courtyard view, Faux Wood Floors, Fitness center, Playground, Pet friendly, Resort style pool and spa, Garage & covered parking available, Business center and lounge, Online Payments Available 
Pet Policy:
We welcome you and your best friend, too! 
Use this link for more info:
http://fairfield-apts.com/31Lx02Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.
Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. 
Equal Housing Opportunity Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.
Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. 
7W3ejYfCkE

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 17:17
Price: $1975
Latitude: 38.427957
Longitude: -121.418392
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1232
