$1199 / 1br - 600ft2 - Want To Live In Top Developers Favorite Apartment In Citrus Heights? (Citrus Heights)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Find Your Dream Apartment in Orangevale & Citrus Heights, CA
You deserve an apartment you're excited to come home to - and at Montage Apartments, we'll help you find the perfect fit. You'll be within driving distance of the American River, a variety of biking and jogging trails, the Sunrise Golf Course, and the Sac State Aquatic Center. Not to mention, we're conveniently located near many restaurants and various shopping centers like Sunrise Mall!
Find the Perfect Apartment in Orangevale or Citrus Heights, CA
When you make Montage Apartments your new home, you're choosing to live in a beautiful apartment complex with state-of-the-art amenities and a location that's perfect for any lifestyle. You'll feel like you're living in the most state-of-the-art apartment complex in the greater Sacramento area!
In addition to beautiful apartments, our complex features a plethora of amenities including three resort style pools, a yoga and cardio group room, and a world-class 24-hour fitness center complete with a brand new climbing wall!
More than just a wonderful place to relax and stay healthy, Montage Apartments is in the perfect location. We're happily accepting new tenants, and we have both 1 and 2 bedroom apartments for rent in a variety of sizes and floor plans.
Act now to take advantage of our limited-time specials!
$600 OFF Your First Month's Rent on small 1BRs and $250 Off YOUR First Month's Rent on all other unit types! However, if you'd just prefer a lower rate, just ask the office to prorate the special! Hurry now before special ends!
Our amenities include:
- Golf Course Views*
- Putting Green
- Rock Climbing Wall
- Smart Apartment- Kevo & Nest*
- Online Payments Available
Prices starting at: $1199
Call  show contact info

For more information, visit us at: liveatjrk.com/montage_dc9e458d_498348
Equal Housing Opportunity
We go to great lengths to comply with the Fair Housing Act, which prohibits "any preference, limitation, or discrimination because of race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin, or intention to make such preference, limitation or discrimination."

Date Posted: November 04, 2018 at 20:20
Price: $1199
Latitude: 38.684098
Longitude: -121.262398
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 600
