$1920 / 2br - 1149ft2 - WOW! THATS A LARGE 2 BEDROOM, COME CHECK OUT! (SACRAMENTO)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1149 Sq. Ft. 
There's just something about Villagio and the gated, resort style of living there that feels so incredibly indulgent. Perhaps it's the Tuscan architecture and stately Italian cypress you see as you approach. Perhaps it's the 9-foot ceilings and crown molding in each lovely apartment home. Or maybe it's the trellised poolside patio and amazing granite and stacked stone BBQ islands.
With luxurious amenities throughout and a fabulous Natomas location -- conveniently close to I-5, I-80, the Sacramento Airport and the Golden One Center -- there's no question that Villagio is someplace special. But it's the caring, professional Villagio staff, and the personalized concierge services they provide, that are truly beyond compare.
Villagio offers 4 exciting open concept home plans. All feature upgraded finishes, abundant storage space, and full size washers and dryers. Community amenities include a fitness center, a refreshing pool and spa, an executive business center, and a well-appointed clubhouse for relaxing and entertaining.
Villagio has also recently added the new Luxer One package system, which includes secured lockers for all resident deliveries. Corporate leases and one or two-car attached or detached garages are also available. So, if you're seeking the ultimate in apartment living, and ordinary just won't do, indulge yourself and experience life at Villagio. 
Features:
9-Foot Ceilings, Dual Access to Patio/Balcony*, Plush Carpeting in All Bedrooms, Microwave, Separate Hot Water Heaters, Central Heating & Air Conditioning, Hall Storage Closets*, Plank Style Flooring, Garden and Pool Views Available, Fireplaces**, Pantries, Dishwasher, Ceiling Fan, Walk-In Closet, Built-In Desk*, Linen/Storage Closets*, Satin Nickel Cabinet Hardware, Separate Dining Areas*, Well Equipped Kitchens, Crown Molding, Kitchen Windows*, Upgraded Cabinetry, Window Coverings, Full Size Washer and Dryer, Disability Access**, Entry Closets*, Breakfast Bars* 
*Per plan
*In select homes
Community Amenities:
Gated Community with Remote Access, Trellised Patio with Built-In Grills, Non-Smoking Community, Corporate Housing Available, Resident Events, 5 Miles from the Golden One Center, Public Parks Nearby, Attached & Detached 1&2 Car Garages Available (additional cost), Fitness Center, Playground, Executive Business Center, Minutes to Downtown Sacramento, Concierge, Attractive Landscaped Grounds with Water Feature, Reserved Covered Parking, On-Site Rental Storage Available, 24-Hour Emergency Maintenance, Swimming Pool & Spa, Professionally Managed with On-Site Leasing Office, Controlled Access/Gated, Clubhouse, Luxer One Package Delivery System, Easy Access to I-80 & I-5, Conveniently Close to Shopping, BBQ & Picnic Areas Throughout 
Pet Policy:
Dogs and Cats Allowed
•$500 Deposit for the first pet, $250 additional for the 2nd pet.
•$35 Monthly Pet Rent Per Pet
•50 lb Weight Limit
•Breed restrictions apply
•2 Pet Limit
Use this link for more info:
http://live.fpimgt.com/26L9s1
Equal Housing Opportunity 
sdfP24lFZ

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 12:31
Price: $1920
Latitude: 38.641161
Longitude: -121.510655
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 1149
