$1850 / 2br - 1100ft2 - Never Lived In! Huge brand new 2 bedroom apartment! Wont last! (Downtown Sacramento, Southside Park, Midtown)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Brand New 2 bedroom in the heart of downtown/midtown!
Amazing completely remodeled LARGE 2 bedroom, 1 bathroom home in Downtown Sacramento on a large beautiful Park. Steps from farmers market, cafes and restaurants, golden 1 arena.
Showing NOW by appointment only. Will not last! Call or text  show contact info

Lease Details:
Rent: $1840 / month
Lease Term 1 year
Security Deposit: $1900
Holding Deposit $700 - goes toward your security deposit and holds the home for you
Pets Considered with additional pet deposit and pet rent ($150 deposit / $45 month pet rent)
Required verifiable income of 2.5x rent
Credit and references will be checked
Completed remodeled, Custom details include...
New granite countertops
New high-end wood-like modern floors throughout 
Completely remodeled bathroom with new large walk in shower and tub with glass doors and double sink vanity with modern lighting. 
Newly painted 2-tone custom paint: alpine gray with swiss coffee white. 
Stainless steel appliances with dishwasher, fridge, range and microwave vent hood
Large Kitchen Space with Breakfast nook
New Kitchen cabinets with plenty of storage space
Beautiful bathroom with double vanity mirrors and sinks
Large step in shower
Washer / dryer in unit, laundry room off kitchen toward back door.
Central heat and air with in-room temperature control
2 inch wooden blinds and modern designer ceiling fans. 
2 large bedrooms each with great closet space and storage throughout. 
Free unlimited street parking with permit
Large open kitchen design with beautiful new countertops, cabinets and large kitchen sink. 
Large shared yard space
Front and back door with additional security door
GREAT LOCATION: Downtown Sacramento on Southside Park, 515 Market within walking distance, DOCO Golden 1 Arena a short walk away, South Restaurant, Coconut Thai, Downtown Farmers Market, Multiple Jump Bike Stations within steps, WAL Public Market nearby, plenty of restaurants, markets, bars, cafes and nature right out your doorstep.
CALL JENNIFER  show contact info

Owner pays for water, trash, sewer. 
(Be close to all the midtown happenings in the area with his gem of a property. Midtown, downtown, sacramento, cirtus park, tahoe park, oak park gather, farmers market, sac food truck festival MIDTOWN / DOWNTOWN SACRAMENTO, AND THE CAPITOL.
...)

Date Posted: October 27, 2018 at 09:04
Price: $1850
Latitude: 38.570712
Longitude: -121.503540
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 1100
