$1500 / 2br - 1025ft2 - Unique 2 Bed 1 Bath 1,025sqft River Park Fourplex within walking dista (5498 Carlson Dr. #4 Sac, Ca)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Near H Street and Carlson Drive in Riverpark, Sacramento, this unique two story, upstairs fourplex unit offers two bedrooms and one bathroom. The carpet entry opens onto carpeting, custom paint and dual pane windows with mini-blinds throughout 1,025 square feet of living space. The living room has beige carpet, bar cut-out to the kitchen and a door to the rear balcony and yard. The kitchen has linoleum flooring, wood cabinets, tile counters and back-splash, built-in shelves and is equipped with a frost free refrigerator, electric range, microwave, dishwasher and a stainless steel sink with convertible faucet and garbage disposal. The dining nook has linoleum flooring and an overhead ceiling fan. 
The first bedroom has beige carpeting, overhead ceiling fan and a mirrored double door closet. The second bedroom has beige carpeting, overhead ceiling fan and a double door closet. The bathroom has linoleum flooring, tiled shower over tub with glass doors, tiled countertop, linen cabinets and houses the stackable washer and dryer. 
This home has wall heat and in wall air conditioning. There is a security door on the front and rear door. There is a reserved parking spot in the rear of the building. The shared, fenced yard features an uncovered patio. This property is unavailable for Section 8. This home is located in the Sacramento Unified School District and is walking distance to CSUS. One cat or small dog under 20lbs allowed with owner approval. Smoking is not allowed in the home. Owner pays for water, sewer and trash. Available with a six month or one year term lease. ***Please, do not disturb the residents.*** 
All of our properties are owned by individual owners, each of whom have their own minimum criteria for tenants at their property. In addition to other criteria, this property has a minimum FICO score requirement of 600. If you have any questions or would like to see if you meet the minimum criteria for this property, please call prior to applying. We respond to emails and phone calls seven days a week.

Date Posted: October 27, 2018 at 11:37
Price: $1500
Latitude: 38.571375
Longitude: -121.432149
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 1025
