$1345 / 2br - 859ft2 - Fall Into New Savings at Pepperwood!  Plus, We'll Pay Back Your App Fees! (Roseville)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Discover the comfort and convenience of Pepperwood Apartments, one of Roseville, California's fine apartment communities. Come home and enjoy our amenity rich community featuring a 24-hour fitness center, sparkling pool and spa, and two barbecue stations.  Nestled in a lush, park-like setting, our commitment to excellence is your key to better living.Managed by CTL Management, Inc. License # 01090130.Community Amenities2 BBQ Stations • 24-Hour Emergency Maintenance • 24-Hour Fitness Center • 24-Hour Maintenance Guarantee • Close To Maidu Regional Park • Gated Community • Great Freeway Access • Online Rent Payments • Online Service Requests • Park Like Setting • Resident Activity Program • Spa • Swimming PoolApartment AmenitiesCable Ready • Ceiling Fan • Central Heating and Air • Courtyard And Scenic Views • Fireplace In Select Homes • Private Patio • Stackable Washer And Dryer • Vaulted Ceilings In Select Homes • Walk In ClosetsPets - Max 2 allowed, Max weight 25 lb each, Rent $15.00, Deposit $400.00Comments: Only indoor adult cats and indoor adult dogs are allowed; adult is defined as at least one year old. Deposit and monthly pet rent are per pet.  Small caged animals are allowed without a deposit and pet rent. Small caged animals that are allowed are common domesticated household birds, hamsters, gerbils, rabbits, guinea pigs, chinchillas and aquarium/terrarium animals including fish, hermit crabs, turtles, frogs, and small lizards.  Animals such as birds of prey, iguanas, ferrets, snakes, rats, mice, insects, arachnids (including spiders and scorpions), livestock, or any other exotic animals are not allowed. No animals are allowed that are venomous, biting, stinging, constricting, or pose a threat of infestation. Small animals are limited to a maximum of two, with the exception of fish which should be kept to a reasonable amount, and must be kept confined in appropriate and reasonably sized cages or aquariums/terrariums.  Resident shall not have more than three aquariums and the total combined capacity between all aquariums shall not exceed 40 gallons.Our two bedroom homes stand at a cozy 859 sq. ft.  They feature two bathrooms settled in a beautiful open floor plan.  They each have an additional pantry cabinet, linen closet, and walk-in closet in the master bedroom.  Downstairs homes feature wider entryways and accessible counter sinks.Upstairs homes come with gorgeous vaulted ceilings and a wood-burning fireplace to warm you in the cold winter nights! We offer tours on our model of this floor plan daily.Pepperwood1900 South Cirby WayRoseville, CA 95661Federal law prohibits housing discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, familial status, or disability.

Date Posted: November 02, 2018 at 15:47
Price: $1345
Latitude: 38.728206
Longitude: -121.252769
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 859
