$1425 / 1br - 714ft2 - One Bedroom Condo in Roseville, One Month Free Rent (Roseville)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Roseville's Premier Luxury Condominium RentalsReceive One Month Free Rent and additional $300 off your first months rent (move in on or before November 25th). FLORENCEThis designer One Bedroom, One Bath home is 714 sq. ft. and is located in a Prestigious Luxury Gated Community near the Galleria Mall. This home offers dramatic 9 foot ceilings, crown molding, upgraded maple cabinetry, a unique walk-in closet with French doors, spacious bathroom with large oval tub and laundry room with full size washer & dryer.Great location with private patio, relaxing LARGE oval bath tub, Spacious walk-in closet with French doors and private in-home laundry room with full size washer & dryer.Style, sophistication, beautiful landscaping and stunning architecture accent the Villages of the Galleria apartment homes, located in dynamic Roseville, California. Villages of the Galleria is just minutes from the Galleria Mall and Fountains at Roseville and offers easy freeway access to downtown, Sacramento International Airport, Arco Arena and major employers such as NEC, Oracle and HP. Select from a variety of one, two or three bedroom floor plans. All apartment homes offer gracious living areas with designer two-tone paint, crown molding, large walk-in closets and in home full size washer and dryer. Enjoy the many fine conveniences offered, such as an expansive fitness center, executive business center and refreshing pool. Villages of the Galleria is the perfect place to call home.  Call Now:  show contact info
Interested in more information? See link below:http://rcmi.aptdetails.com/3d3454 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 714 Sq. Ft. Features - Nine-Foot Ceilings  - Entertainment Style Kitchens  - Full Size Washer/Dryer  - Private Garages *  - Oval Roman Soaking Tub *  - Microwave  - Pantry *  - Covered Parking *  - Built-In Linen Closet in Bathroom *  - Cozy Gas Fireplace with Mantel *  - Custom Maple-Front Cabinetry  - Crown Molding Accents  - Pre-Wired for High Speed Internet  - Spacious Walk-In Closet(s) *  - Contemporary Recessed Lighting  - Private Balconies and Patios  - Six-Panel Interior Doors  - Energy-Saving Multi-Cycle Dishwasher Community Amenities - Community Garden  - Sand Volleyball  - Professional Onsite Management w/ 24-Hour Emergency Maintenance  - Gated Community  - Picnic Area with Barbecue  - Easy Access to Freeways  - Close to Shopping  - Fitness Center  - Clubhouse  - Open Air Cabanas  - Beautiful Landscaped Court Yards  - Executive Business Center  - Pool and Spa  - Playground Pet Policy Maximum of 2 pets cats or dogs. No weight limit. Additional $25 rent per month and additional $500 deposit per pet. Inquire about our breed restrictions. Office Hours Monday - Friday 9:00 AM - 6:00 PMSaturday 10:00 AM - 5:00 PMSunday 12:00 PM - 5:00 PM Villages of the Galleria 701 Gibson Drive, Roseville, CA, 95678Equal Housing Opportunity 5iu2Mm1Q

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 19:15
Price: $1425
Latitude: 38.780004
Longitude: -121.278913
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 714
