$1785 / 2br - 1121ft2 - Spacious 2 bedrooms on special! Here at Cobble Oaks! (GOLD RIVER)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1121 Sq. Ft. 
If you are looking for the perfect combination of luxury and tranquility in an ideal location, then look no further than Cobble Oaks Apartments. Our premium location, off U.S. Highway 50, provides easy access to Folsom's shopping and employment, and is just a short distance to Sacramento. Cobble Oaks Apartments is also close to Folsom Lake, the American River for rafting, Folsom's network of trails for biking and hiking, the Aquatic Center, fine dining and entertainment centers.
Each apartment has its own patio or balcony. Upgraded units include stainless steel appliances and upgraded fixtures and flooring. Choose from one, two and three-bedroom apartment homes, set among mature trees and beautiful landscaping. Relax and enjoy our resort-style pool; lighted multi-sport court; fitness center with dry sauna; racquetball court and resident business center. For all this and more, come to Cobble Oaks Apartments and experience apartment living at its very best. 
Features:
Full-sized washer/dryer, Decorative lighted ceiling fans, Generously sized private patios/balconies, Custom Crown Molding, Spacious walk-in closets with customized wire shelving, Over-sized oval tubs*, Convenient breakfast bars and separate dining areas, Built In Microwave, Decorator vertical blinds, Cultured marble countertops in baths, Ceramic Tile Entry Foyer, Gas fireplaces*, Oversize, energy-conserving double-paned windows, Frost-free refrigerators with ice maker 
Community Amenities:
Lighted multi-purpose sport court, Convenient access to Highway 50, Whirlpool Spa, Resort-Style Swimming Pool, Dry Sauna, Bark Park, Reserved Covered Parking Available, Fully-equipped Fitness Center, Clubhouse with fireside lounge and large screen TV, Garages with remote available, Racquetball Court, Resident business center with copier, fax, and computer/printer, Professionally landscaped grounds, Playground 
Pet Policy:
Pet Friendly up to 75 lbs. $500 pet deposits for 1st pet; $250 for 2nd pet. Pet rent is $35 mo. for under 49 lbs/$45 mo. for 50 lbs and up; Breed Restrictions Apply 
Follow The Link Below:
http://live.fpimgt.com/mevht4
Equal Housing Opportunity 
RVR3uHnJf

Date Posted: November 04, 2018 at 13:03
Price: $1785
Latitude: 38.630931
Longitude: -121.220620
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1121
