$1745 / 2br - 1041ft2 - Private Detached Garage, Plank Flooring, Two Bedroom Condo, Roseville (Roseville)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1041 Sq. Ft. 
PIENZA
This designer Two Bedroom, Two Bath floor plan is 1041 sq. ft. and is located in a beautiful gated community near shopping and entertainment. This unique dual master home offers an entertainment style kitchen, dramatic 9 foot ceilings, large oval bath and a spacious laundry room with full size washer & dryer. 
This beautiful home offers 2 assigned parking spaces.
Our most popular home is now available. This dual master plan is perfect for roommates, families, or a single person who needs an additional room for a guest bedroom or office. 
Style, sophistication, beautiful landscaping and stunning architecture accent the Villages of the 
Galleria apartment homes, located in dynamic Roseville, California. Villages of the Galleria is just minutes from the Galleria Mall and Fountains at Roseville and offers easy freeway access to downtown, Sacramento International Airport, Arco Arena and major employers such as NEC, Oracle and HP. Select from a variety of one, two or three bedroom floor plans. All apartment homes offer gracious living areas with designer two-tone paint, crown molding, large walk-in closets and in home full size washer and dryer. Enjoy the many fine conveniences offered, such as an expansive fitness center, executive business center and refreshing pool. Villages of the Galleria is the perfect place to call home. 
Features:
Entertainment Style Kitchens, Covered Parking *, Microwave, Oval Roman Soaking Tub *, Crown Molding Accents, Private Balconies and Patios, Pre-Wired for High Speed Internet, Nine-Foot Ceilings, Contemporary Recessed Lighting, Spacious Walk-In Closet(s) *, Cozy Gas Fireplace with Mantel *, Pantry *, Built-In Linen Closet in Bathroom *, Energy-Saving Multi-Cycle Dishwasher, Custom Maple-Front Cabinetry, Private Garages *, Six-Panel Interior Doors, Full Size Washer/Dryer 
Community Amenities:
Easy Access to Freeways, Pool and Spa, Picnic Area with Barbecue, Beautiful Landscaped Court Yards, Playground, Sand Volleyball, Close to Shopping, Clubhouse, Professional Onsite Management w/ 24-Hour Emergency Maintenance, Open Air Cabanas, Executive Business Center, Gated Community, Community Garden, Fitness Center 
Pet Policy:
Maximum of 2 pets cats or dogs. No weight limit. Additional $25 rent per month and additional $500 deposit per pet. Inquire about our breed restrictions. 
Use this link for more information:
http://rcmi.aptdetails.com/w1qw47
Equal Housing Opportunity 
z34hS2tuHEED

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 18:33
Price: $1745
Latitude: 38.779996
Longitude: -121.278924
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1041
