$1300 / 1br - 790ft2 - Electronic intrusion alarms, Last One, Private patio and balcony (Rancho Cordova)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
City Convenience with a New Standard of Luxury. AVION is the premier address for apartments in Rancho Cordova, CA. Open layouts and upscale features define the unique lifestyle that can only be found in our community. Residents of AVION enjoy our one, two, and three-bedroom floor plans that suit any lifestyle. All of our luxury apartments feature 9-foot ceilings with custom crown molding, in-unit washers & dryers, ceramic tile entries, spacious walk-in closets, and cultured marble countertops.Our Rancho Cordova apartments offer some of the best community features such as a clubhouse with fireside lounge, fully-equipped fitness center, and a resort-inspired swimming pool. Our pet-friendly community is set on beautiful grounds - perfect for outdoor exercise and recreation. Best of all, AVION is close to the most popular dining, shopping, and entertainment venues in the city. Our apartments were carefully designed with you in mind. Let our stellar community staff help you feel right at home. Call and come visit AVION to discover the best luxury apartments in Rancho Cordova, CA.  Call Now:  show contact info
More unit details at:http://avenue5.aptfeatures.com/758p2v This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 790 Sq. Ft. Features - Newly renovated units  - Decorative ceiling fans  - Fireplaces available  - In-home full size washer and dryer  - Spacious walk-in closets  - Separate dining areas  - Custom interior painting  - Convenient breakfast bar  - Garages with remote available  - New quartz countertops  - Private patio and balcony  - Electronic intrusion alarms  - Dramatic 9 foot ceilings with custom crown molding Community Amenities - Courtyard picnic area  - Sport court  - Whirlpool spa  - Wi-Fi lounge  - Gated community  - New fitness center  - Playground  - Billiards room  - Pets welcome - call for details  - Professionally landscaped grounds  - 24-hour package center  - Resort-inspired swimming pool  - Dog park  - Online Payments Available  - Clubhouse with fireside lounge Pet Policy Max 2 allowed Rent $35.00 Deposit $500.00Restrictions: Doberman Pincher, Rottweiler, American Stafford, Pitt Bull, German Shepherd, Mastiff, Chow Chow, Dalmation, Akita, Shar Pei Avion 3250 Laurelhurst Drive, Rancho Cordova, CA, 95670Equal Housing Opportunity kp7hQ86VLGA5

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 09:51
Price: $1300
Latitude: 38.577357
Longitude: -121.304164
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 790
