$1705 / 2br - 1040ft2 - Newly Renovated 2x2, F/P, Vaulted Ceilings, Granite, Stainless Steel (Roseville)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Cozy Up In Your New Home Welcome Home to Sonterra Luxury Living Call Now:  show contact info
Sonterra 700 Vallejo Avenue, Roseville, CA, 95678Full Color Brochure Here:http://lease.conam.com/73616L This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1040 Sq. Ft.  Sonterra Living offers an ideal location in Roseville, CA with expansive 1 and 2 bedroom apartment homes for rent, plus we are conveniently near Westfield Galleria Mall and premier area restaurants. Not to mention, living at Sonterra you can take advantage of the highly acclaimed and award winning Roseville City School District.At Sonterra you will feel at home nestled in a tranquil neighborhood located with beautifully landscaped grounds. We have all amenities for you to enjoy; like working out in our 24-hr state of the art fitness center or, relax and meditate in our zen garden accompanied by a soothing water feature. Perhaps relaxing in our refreshing pool or our year-round heated spa. Finish off your day by enjoying time with friends and family cooking at our outdoor poolside BBQ or under one of our several arbor shaded BBQ areas throughout the community. Your pets are welcome at Sonterra with breed restrictions and applicable deposits. Finally, for your convenience we provide a business center with WiFi and package concierge. Sonterra presents apartment homes with brand new kitchens with granite counter tops, new cabinetry, stainless steel appliances, full size side-by-side washer and dryer, vinyl plank flooring, wood burning fireplace, abundant storage and more. Each home also includes a courtyard style patio or balcony for enjoying evenings with friends, neighbors or family. Stop by and visit Sonterra today!! Features - Wood Burning Fireplace *  - New Cabinetry  - Central Heat and Air Conditioning  - Cable or Satellite  - Stainless Steel Appliances  - Designer Carpet  - Brand New Gourmet Kitchens  - Garbage Disposal  - Vaulted Ceilings  - Full Size, Side by Side Washer and Dryer  - Extra Storage  - Dishwasher  - Ceiling Fan  - Microwaves  - Granite Counter Tops  - Luxury Plank Flooring  - Court Yard Style Patio or Balcony  - Broadband Internet Access  - Walk In Closets *  - Spacious 1 and 2 Bedroom Apartments  - Window Covering * In Select Homes Community Amenities - Zen Garden with Soothing Water Feature  - Close to Freeway's  - Near Westfield Galleria Mall and Premier Dining  - Outdoor Fireplace with Comfortable Seating Area  - 24-Hour Fitness Facility  - Arbor Shaded BBQ Areas Throughout  - Accepts Credit Card Payments Online  - Resident Club House  - Refreshing Pool and Spa  - Garages Available  - Beautiful Clubhouse with Fireplace  - Executive Business Center Onsite with Wi-Fi  - Covered Parking  - Disability Access  - Poolside Outdoor BBQ with Built In Coolers for Refreshments  - Located in the Highly Acclaimed and Award Winning Roseville City School District  - Close to Public Transportation Pet Policy Pets welcome with breed restrictions and applicable deposits. $500 pet deposit and maximum weight is 40lbs. Office Hours Mon - Fri 8:30am-5:30pmSat 10am-5pmClosed Sunday Disclaimer: Please be aware of scams on Craigslist. It is our practice never to require someone to complete a credit application or provide personal credit information before touring an apartment home. Rent is based on lease term selected. Please contact office for more details. Prices subject to change.Equal Housing Opportunity zqfNBSycV1H

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 13:56
Price: $1705
Latitude: 38.760325
Longitude: -121.297967
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1040
