$1590 / 1br - 772ft2 - Large Roseville, One Bedroom w/ FREE Garage & Washer/Dryer Near HP! (Roseville)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath 
Great Roseville Location. Private Garages. Rated 5+ Stars in a Recent Resident Survey! 
Our goal is to make our residents smile and here at The Bridges, there's a lot to smile about. Our 1, 2, and 3-bedroom floor plans have private entrances, private garages, 9-foot ceilings, and include full-size washers/dryers. Our kitchens are large, and offer a gas stove, microwave, and built-in computer stations. Community amenities include a clubhouse, fitness center and lap pool, along with plenty of open green spaces. We are ideally located, adjacent to Hewlett Packard and home of the NEW Sutter campus workforce and steps away from Telefunken. The excellent Dry Creek District schools are close by. And, if this wasn't enough, we're proud to say our service staff is the best--having been top-rated by residents in a recent survey. Send in our online guest card, give us a call, or stop by and let our friendly staff show you around. We're sure they will make you smile, too! 
Features:
Cable, Ceiling Fan, Individual Climate Control, Refrigerator, Private Balcony, Large Closets, Range, Additional Storage, Dishwasher, Controlled Access, Microwave, Garage, Private Patio, Heat, Air Conditioning, Washer, Window Coverings, Dryer, Disposal, Fireplace, View 
Community Amenities:
Package Receiving, Playground, On-site Maintenance, Sauna, Private entries, On-site Management, Spa, Storage Space, Pool, Free 1 Car Garage included with every unit, Short Term Lease, Clubhouse, Gas Stoves and Built-in Microwaves, High Speed Internet Available, 24-Hour Availability, Clubhouse / Pool Wi-Fi, Golf course Views, Business Center, Fitness Center, Garage, Full Size Washer/Dryers, Gate 
Pet Policy:
Cats are allowed.
Other pets are allowed: Please call for pet policy.
Restrictions or other terms: Indoor Cats Only/NO DOGS! Call for service animal policy. 
Use the link below for more details:
http://lease.conam.com/c7d251Disclaimer: Please be aware of scams on Craigslist. It is our practice never to require someone to complete a credit application or provide personal credit information before touring an apartment home. Rent is based on lease term selected. Please contact office for more details. Prices subject to change.
Equal Housing Opportunity 
e3NJY1ZZbTCY

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 10:07
Price: $1590
Latitude: 38.780135
Longitude: -121.314983
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 772
