$2600 / 1br - WELCOME TO BRIGHT+ MODERN+LOCATION! (inner richmond)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Available now.
Charming, bright, and quiet 1 bedroom/1 bathroom apartment between convenient Geary Blvd and Clement Street in the Richmond District. 
 Double parlor floor plan with solid bi-fold doors separating the living room and spacious bedroom. Spacious eat-in kitchen with 2 large windows for maximum light. Bathroom features a shower over tub and built in linen closet with shelving. 
Large entry closets provides ample storage. 
 As you may already know, this area is filled with various restaurants, bars and shops. 
 Walk score : 94! = "Walker's Paradise --daily errands do not require a car." (www.walkscore.com) 
 The best produce market is only 2 blocks away. Farmers market is held every Sunday, 1 block away on Clement Street. 
 If you drive, there's a gas station 1 block away on Arguello Blvd. Street parking can usually be found within a block of the building. 
 Excellent public transportation within a block (Bus # 38, 33, 31,2,1......). 
Rossi Park, Pool and Playground are also only 2 blocks away. Use the tennis courts, swim, play basketball or baseball. 
 Golden Gate Park is also a full of entertainment and space to run, jog, and etc. 
 Apartment is on the 2nd floor of a 4-unit, Edwardian building. 
 Sorry, Smoking and Pets are not allowed. Street parking. 
 Rent: $2,600 per month. Tenant pays utilities (except water). 
 Refundable Security Deposit: $3,900 (1.5 x Rent) 
 Lease: One year lease required. 
 To be considered, each proposed tenant must submit: 
 (1) a completed rental application, available via e-mail. 
 (2) a complete, recent credit report showing credit score; and 
 (3) proof of income for past 3 months (and or offer letter from employer). 
 Qualified applicants who submit the above-requested information at the showing will be given priority consideration. 
 Contact: 
 For inquiries and or an appointment, please reply to the above CL e-mail and provide brief info on the proposed tenant(s). Marina  show contact info

Date Posted: November 02, 2018 at 10:50
Price: $2600
Latitude: 37.782163
Longitude: -122.459991
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
