$3299 / 1br - Fully furnished corner one bedroom available now (russian hill)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Your dream apartment awaits you in this San Francisco luxury apartment complex near Russian Hill. The Apartments at Crystal Tower are located between Lombard and Greenwich Street and offer spacious furnished 1 and 2 bedroom luxury apartments. With amazing views of the San Francisco Bay from Russian Hill, you're a short walk to North Beach's famous Italian dining and coffee shops as well as Chinatown. We are located near the Financial District, Pier 39, Fisherman's Wharf and Ghirardelli Square -- all of these world renowned San Francisco tourist destinations are just moments from your beautiful apartment.
*Furnished 
*Apartment 
*Laundry in bldg 
*Attached garage 
*Available now!
Enjoy all the modern luxuries and amenities in these 1 and 2 bedroom apartment rentals, including a heated swimming pool. Our professional staff are always ready to help you out with all your needs.
This available apartment is on 3rd floor, * Large Bright Floor-plan *Lots of closet space, *Large windows, *Full size kitchen appliances, *Private balcony, *Fully furnished and accessorized 
Building has a pool and courtyard as well as onsite maintenance and management. Maid service available.
PROPERTY AMENITIES
Furnished and Accessorized Apartments
Professional Onsite Management
Short Term Leases Available
Heated Swimming Pool
Controlled Access
Laundry Facilities
Housekeeping Services Available
Parking Available
Located in San Francisco's Russian Hill Neighborhood
Convenient access to MUNI and Cable Car
Walk to Trendy Eateries, Boutique Shops, and Exciting Nightlife at Columbus and Union Streets
APARTMENT FEATURES
Modern Furnishings
Full size refrigerator, dishwasher etc.
Flat Screen TV 
Views of Alcatraz
Light, Open Floor Plans
Lots of closet space
Private Balconies
Pets are not allowed
Pictures are not of actual apartment
Contact one of our leasing specialists today!  show contact info
 www.trinitysf.com

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 09:28
Price: $3299
Latitude: 37.802069
Longitude: -122.414569
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
