$3150 / 1br - OPEN HOUSE TODAY NEW APT NEAR LINCOLN H.S, Fr LYCEE OCT. PETS OK (sunset / parkside)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
I'm having an Open House this morning as the owner of a 1 bed 1 bath (under-market, meaning, "reasonably-priced"), newly built apartment in the Sunset. My tenant of three years moved out of the city but it can be viewed this weekend even though I'm repainting, reflooring, etc. You must TEXT me, Martin, at  show contact info
 for an appointment to view even during the morning's Open House. I will delete this posting as soon as it is rented. 
THE APARTMENT -  Newly built, almost 1000 sq ft, on the ground floor of my 2-story house: a full-size bedroom and bath, a full-size living room; a dining area; a small office or den/study (see photo for uses).  There's a fully-modern and equipped kitchen, an "extra computer" nook, and a very very large fully-enclosed back yard & garden. Full-size laundry room w almost-new w/d, shared only with the apartment upstairs. This is a private home not an apartment house, and I put in the best of everything - imported granite counters in the kitchen, custom cabinets, built-in microwave, gas stove, marble walls & a pedestal sink in the bathroom, all bamboo hardwood floors, walk-in closet in bedroom, etc. I am prepared to lend a new tenant some of my contemporary art collection (and if you don't have pets, some carpets, too) which are in nearby storage.  Available November 1 or a few days sooner if necessary, as my contractor is redoing the apartment with new colors, refinishing beautiful wood floors, etc.  I also have a landscaper working on the front and back gardens.
AMENITIES - The apartment opens directly onto an enormous garden & yard about the size of the house itself (fully-enclosed so perfect for pets which is why I put in a doggy door from the living room). No garage space because there is always plenty of street parking here, so we use it for storage, bikes, the laundry, etc. We have a forced air heating system but it hardly ever gets too hot or too cold. The furniture you see in some of the photos belonged to my tenant who just moved. I added them to show how they used some of the space.  (If you need the apartment fully-furnished, I have my own good furniture, great art for the walls, fine carpets, kitchenware & linens so I can furnish it completely for an additional cost.)  In the photos I also included places in the neighborhood listed in the next paragraph so if you're from out-of-town you'll see why people leave their hearts in this city.
THE NEIGHBORHOOD - is quiet, residential & ultra-safe, close to public transportation and plenty of street parking. Great coffee shops, restaurants, and shopping streets nearby (Noriega, Taraval, & Irving, from 9th to 32nd Avenues. Lincoln H.S. Is on the corner, we're 3 short blocks from the new Lycee Francaise on 19th Ave, a short bus or bike ride to Stonestown Mall & SFSU, a synagogue & a Lutheran church are around the corner, and we're not too far from St. Ignatius & a major Catholic church and the Alice Fong Chinese-American Public School. UCSF is also not far (but public transportation to UC Med Center is less than direct so plan to bike if you work there). We're 2 short blocks from the jogging/dog-walking path around the 24th Ave Reservoir which has a beautiful view of the Pacific Ocean (see photo) & GG Bridge, not far from the now-famous Moraga Mosaic Steps up to Grandview Park with 360* view of the entire city, and 8 blocks from Golden Gate Park, both of which are great for biking, jogging and pet walks.
MUNI & FREEWAYS - Right on the corner are both Muni buses 48 & 66, and the 19th Ave line is 3 short blocks away. Major streetcars are nearby (Taraval, Noriega, the N Judah) all not far from the newly redone West Portal streetcar terminal that has four lines going Downtown or to the Zoo (like one every minute!), as well as to BART for the East Bay. Easy access to I-280 & 101 if you're driving south to the Peninsula, or north to Marin. It could be as little as 15 minutes to drive to SFO, or to the Oakland Bay Bridge even during rush hour because Oak & Fell are one-way with staggered lights.
TERMS - One-year renewable lease. (If you need a shorter period, or even furnishings, because you're moving temporarily or will be looking to buy a home in SF, we can talk.)  I don't mind using June 1st as an annual renewal date even for a permanent tenant. No smoking anywhere in the building, and no big partying people. Someone who loves gardening will score points because of the great garden in the back and another small one at the entrance, but having a green thumb or the time to garden is not a requirement to becoming my tenant). DSL/Broadband & cable TV are already installed, landline telephone line if you need it. We share utilities, which aren't much - barely $100 a month which covers gas, electric, water, & trash. Cable & internet are separate but you pay only half as it's shared with upstairs.
TO SEE APT - If you want to come please text me  show contact info
 for an appointment even for the Open House today (Sunday) b/c I have a different event I'm responsible for all afternoon. I'm also available during the week.  Texting my cell is better than calling b/c I'm hearing impaired; and emailing is not great either b/c my Inbox is overwhelming. I can deal with both if you can't text.  I had great tenants there for three years who left SF but they're happy to to talk with you, so you can call and ask them anything.  And please, try to see beyond the equipment my contractor left while sanding the floors, etc. We're  doing a lot to make the apartment a great home for someone!
Martin

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 05:53
Price: $3150
Latitude: 37.749813
Longitude: -122.479270
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
