$3985 / 1br - 718ft2 - Large Private Patio Awaits You in this 1 Bedroom Beauty in SF! (potrero hill)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Us Today   show contact info

	Keep a quiet home in this courtyard facing 1 bedroom.  With luscious gardens in our courtyard, you'll have a serene view.  Large private patio comes with this particular home on the 2nd floor.  

Brand new full size appliances will allow you to use your galley style kitchen to its full potential.  The best part, load it all in your dishwasher so you can relax at home.  

Spacious layouts with walk in closets and large bathrooms, check us out online for more!
	Potrero 1010 comes with an array of amenities! Located on our 2nd floor podium level, you can access the lounge and both fitness centers...YES TWO of them! Our lounge room will be the #1 place for all your social gathering needs! Watch TV in our big comfy couch without having to leave home. Full size open kitchen is accessible to you for your potluck gatherings with friends and family. Plenty of dining table space so everyone can mingle, taste, laugh and enjoy the get-together. Treadmills, ellipticals and exercise bikes, OH MY! We are decked out with all the equipment your fitness goals desire. Need to work on your muscles? No worries, we got you here too! Our strength room is the place to be. With an abundance of free weights and multi-function weight machines, you'll have plenty to use without getting bored. Feeling crafty? Use our DYI room! Need to work from home? Use our wifi-room to go online and focus! And last, but not least, our rooftop terrace. Take the elevator up to our roof and check out 360 view of San Francisco. From Potrero Hill, to Sutro Tower, to our unique skyline downtown. Hang out by the fire pits or become a grill master in one of our gas grills. Plenty of dining and seating up here for everyone to join and have a phenomenal time!

	Potrero 1010 Apartments
	More Photos http://www.equityapartments.com/san-francisco/potrero-hill/potrero-1010-apartments?ilsid=93

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 13:08
Price: $3985
Latitude: 37.766424
Longitude: -122.396996
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 718
