$4300 / 2br - 1100ft2 - $4300 / 2br - 1100ft2 - Spacious Tri-Level Loft (SOMA / south beach)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        

Welcome to this bright, spacious, tri-level loft, conveniently located in San Francisco's SOMA (South of Market) district.  This is one of 8 units in the building.
KEY INFO:
This space is perfect for:
A. someone looking to have a lot of space and live on their own, perhaps you occasionally have friends/family in from out of town.
B. or a couple looking for a bonus extra room - for an office, TV room or again, occasionally hosting family and friends from out of town. It's not large but is perfect, along with it's own shower/bath, for short-term guests.
This space IS NOT ideal for roommates. The second room is small and this apartment is a true loft, so the master bedroom is an open area above the living space, not very private for long-term arrangements.
If you have read the above and remain interested, here is a bit more about the space....
MORE DETAIL:
Hardwood floors and high ceilings create a welcoming atmosphere in this spacious loft apartment. With over 1100 square feet, there is one master bedroom space in the loft overlooking main floor and second, private though smaller room on the ground floor to comfortably accommodate guests. The open design of this apartment makes it bright and airy.
Just a few blocks and walking distance to everything: Yerba Buena/ Moscone Center, the Giants ballpark (AT&T Park), CalTrain, downtown shopping district (including Union Square and the mall), Market Street with several Muni lines and BART access. Very close to the main highways (for those who commute) as well as Whole Foods less than two blocks away.
Top Loft - is a modest size bedroom overlooking the main living area. There is a private full bathroom (tub/shower) upstairs. Note, this bathroom is on the smaller side but does the job.
Middle Floor/ Living Area - open concept floor plan consists of a large living/tv room area that opens up to a small balcony overlooking the street. There is a half bathroom perfect for entertaining guests as well as a small, yet still open, dining room nook. The compact yet complete kitchen contains stainless steel appliances and granite countertops. There is a washer/dryer on this level as well.
Bottom Floor/ Private Street Entrance - This floor was originally designed as the work part of a live/work loft so it's not large, however, it is still private and contains the key elements of an additional room. There is a second full bathroom in this space, perfect for accommodating overnight guests and/or setting up a separate office space. 
Parking: The unit comes with one deeded parking space in attached garage.
Street parking and nearby lots are available for additional cars, as needed
LOGISTICS:
The unit will be rented unfurnished and is newly painted.
Available January 1st. Can be flexible with timing (Dec if needed).
VISIT WEBSITE for more pictures: http://www.clarastreetcondo.com
Please direct inquiries or send a request to schedule a viewing to  show contact info

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 14:42
Price: $4300
Latitude: 37.777700
Longitude: -122.404606
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2.5
Sqft: 1100
