$3200 / 2br - 2 BR Flat- New HW Floors Near BART & Rainbow Grocery! (mission district)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
We have a great 2 bedroom flat available!
Both bedroom are a good size with personal closet. There is a also a window for ventilation and sunlight. Brand new wardwood floors run through out the entire flat. Be the first to break it in. The flat has a nice long hallway that connects all the rooms together and run the entire length of the building with access to the back shared concrete patio.
The bathroom has a sink and shower combo with sink and cabinet. The toilet is in it's own separate room and window. So it's great if someone is using the shower you can still use the toilet without waiting.
As you move further down you have the best part of the flat. The giant kitchen. Much larger than most apartments and can comfortably fit a dining table and still leave a lot of room for guests to mingle around. Almost a focal point for entertainment. New granite counter tops and natural wood cabinets makes the kitchen stands out.
The flat is located in a great part of the Mission. Only a few blocks to 16th Street BART, Food Co., Rainbow Grocery, Best Buy and Office Max. There are also a lot of places to eat just within in 3 blocks such as sushi, BBQ, Mexican, ect.. The freeway on ramp to Oakland or San Jose is conveniently just two blocks away! The Mission gets really good weather and you never get fog here compared to the other SF neighborhoods. Great location, nice weather and spacious flat. What more can you ask for?
Other Details 
- 1st month $3200 and deposit required.
- Credit report required, $25 credit report fee if you don't have one.
- Washers & dryers located in the basement. 
- No dogs and cats please. 
- Annual lease then goes month to month. 
No garage but street parking is available. The photos is from a similar unit. You have to see the apartment for yourself.  If you are interested contact Mary at  show contact info
 to set up a viewing.
Thank you!

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 00:46
Price: $3200
Latitude: 37.766838
Longitude: -122.417097
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
