$3000 The home is completed with in-unit laundry and an extra-large parking (potrero hill)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Address: 251 Arkansas #3
Building: 251 Arkansas
Neighborhood: Potrero Hill
Bedrooms: 2 BR
Bathrooms: 2 BA
Style: Multi-Family
Parking: Assigned
Lease Term: 1-12 month lease terms
Can be rented furnished or unfurnished. If unfurnished lease must be 1 year and tenant pays all utilities.
Spectacular Property in quiet neighborhood. Newly remodeled, elevator, wine storage, 2 decks and private rooftop deck! Gas Fireplace. Radiant heating with Nest Thermostats. The perfect retreat for any urban dweller, this studio home is cozy, modern, and well-appointed and features a very rare and very large patio for extended living space. This home has higher ceilings than units on other floors within the building, which gives the space a nice roomy feeling. Located in the up-and-coming Potrero Hill area, this is a great location for commuting into the city, via freeway to either the South or East Bay, via shuttle buses to tech companies, or to the many nearby companies or schools including the new Mission Bay UCSF campus, The California College of Arts, and Le Cordon Bleu College of Culinary Arts (SF Campus). The home is completed with in-unit laundry and an extra-large parking space.
Home Features:
Youtube TV
2 BR, 2 bathroom
Open floor plan allows for flexible living
Living area features sliding glass door with floor-to-ceiling double-paned glass leading to large sunny patio
Sleek modern kitchen with marble countertops
Private Rooftop Deck with views of the city
Elevator
Upgraded full-size washer and dryer in unit
1-car assigned parking included
Sorry, no pets
If you're looking to venture out in the neighborhood, you don't need to look very far. Along the bustling streets on 18th and 20th Streets, you?ll find cafes and restaurants, galleries and theaters, watering holes and wine shops. And in between: homes. Because while Potrero Hill is a neighborhood packed with every convenience and cuisine, it is, first and foremost, a neighborhood. Families and professionals, young couples and old, third-generation homeowners and first-time buyers, all sharing one thing in common: a home on the Hill. This quickly developing area near the San Francisco Design Center and the new UCSF campus. You are enjoys easy access to Mission Bay and downtown, or in the other direction, 16th Street BART and the famously hip Valencia corridor. You're also just 3 blocks from the 18th Street commercial strip that gives Potrero Hill that "oasis in the urban jungle" feel. You couldn't marry the urban, industrial, and neighborhood feel of San Francisco any better than in Potrero Hill. With several main bus lines and proximity to the freeways, the Third Street light rail, and Caltrain, this is the perfect commuter location.
Neighborhood Features:
Conveniently located with easy freeway access to the I-280 and the I-101
Great public transportation, including 22, 10 and 19 bus lines within a block and proximity to Third Street light rail; BART and Caltrain are a short bus ride away
Whole Fo
1-12 month lease terms

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 12:10
Price: $3000
Latitude: 37.763087
Longitude: -122.398519
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: NA
