$3300 / 1br - 500ft2 - Private Cottage, Dishwasher, Jacuzzi, WiFi, W/D, Wood Floor, Avail NOW (inner sunset / UCSF)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
***This is a real apartment available for rent. Not a scam. We own the apartment and the whole building. Looking for nice tenants. We can meet and show you the apartment.  It has come to my attention that some scammer has been copying my ads.  Please make sure you are dealing directly with me.  I never rent to someone that I haven't met or spoken with over the phone / skype.  If you aren't in the city, then let me know if you have someone local that I can meet.  The security deposit and first month's rent is due on the first day of the lease.  Anyone asking for large sums of money up front from you is probably a scammer.  Please be aware.***
Tons of windows, privacy and light.  Brand new commercial grade hardwood floors.  Shared fenced in courtyard.  
Fully furnished, adorable one bedroom cottage available.  Very private. No neighbors below, above or beside you.  Sleeps 4.  
Avail long or short term.  One month minimum lease.
High speed wireless internet. Router in cottage.
Living room has white leather sofa that pulls out into queen size bed, flat screen tv, closet with window, two end tables, dresser and gorgeous big modern overhead crystal and chrome light fixture.
Bedroom has queen bed, closet, night stand, lamp, large wall mirror, beautiful crystal red rose chandelier, closet and large picture window.
3 closets in cottage.  One in the living room, one in the bedroom and one in the bathroom.
Big kitchen with dishwasher, new gas stove, new fridge, microwave, butcher block counter top and large picture window looking into garden, etc.  Kitchen is fully equipped for cooking.  Glass dining table with 2 red leather chairs, black crystal chandelier and another window over dining table.  Excellent space for dining or working on your laptop.
Bathroom has beautiful mirror, crystal chandelier, gorgeous overhead light fixture, fan, brand new two flush toilet, fancy jacuzzi tub with 8 jets, tall shower head, closet for tons of storage, and 3 foot vanity with drawers. 
Regular washer/dryer--not coin operated in garage that is shared with 3 other tenants.  There are four apartments on this property.
Extra monthly charge for utilities including satellite tv (160 channels with DVR) and internet.
Awesome neighborhood. Great restaurants and shops nearby. Walk to UCSF. Take train downtown in 15 min. Just couple blocks from main entrance of Golden Gate park where the museums are located.
If interested, then please email me with your dates.

Date Posted: September 17, 2018 at 13:24
Price: $3300
Latitude: 37.761092
Longitude: -122.468252
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 500
