$3706 / 1br - 654ft2 - Online payments available, On-site bike storage, Rooftop dog run (potrero hill)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 x 91OR Text 91 to  show contact info
 to text us. This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 654 Sq. Ft.  Potrero Launch features a collection of urban loft style apartments located in the vibrant central waterfront Dogpatch neighborhood of San Francisco. Each apartment offers a choice of spectacular views ranging from the City, The Bay, Potrero Hill or the Zen garden. Many of our apartment homes have oversized windows framing these remarkable views.Stroll to our rooftop Sky Lounge and over into our open-concept social room with demonstration kitchen. Energize in our fully-equipped 24/7 fitness club, and get your Om on in either our yoga studio or professionally landscaped Zen garden. Ready to venture farther? The best of the city is just outside your front door, with the unique neighborhood watering holes and eateries of Dogpatch, plus easy access to Muni, BART & CalTrain to explore San Francisco and beyond.  Features: In-home washers & dryers, Central heating & cooling, Private outdoor balconies*, Custom industrial lighting & ceiling fans, Contemporary over-sized 8' barn doors, Italian tile backsplash, Expansive windows with bay & city views, Stained & polished concrete flooring, Large walk-in showers with tile surround*, Stainless steel appliances including gas range, Generous ceiling heights of up to 9'-6", Gourmet kitchens with upgraded European cabinetry, Modern sinks & distinctive bathroom fixtures  Community Amenities: LuxeOne package management service, Online payments available, On-site bike storage, Social lounge with large demonstration kitchen, Fully-equipped, ultra-modern fitness studio & yoga room, Industrial chic retreat in the heart of Dogpatch, Rooftop dog run, Enclosed garage parking with controlled access, Concierge & turn-key management services, Professionally landscaped Zen Garden at the center of the community, Valet waste service (door-to-door service), Additional storage space for rent, Sky lounge / roof deck with amazing bay & city views  Pet Policy: Pets Welcome! Breed Restrictions Apply Full Color Brochure Here:http://cl.greystar.com/mg306sEqual Housing Opportunity iICaBf8W1

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 12:53
Price: $3706
Latitude: 37.761324
Longitude: -122.388640
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 654
