$4350 / 2br - 1542 Hayes St #D, San Francisco (USF / panhandle)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Nice 2 BR Flat-Like Apt in North Panhandle! 
KEY FEATURES 
Bedrooms: 2 BR
Bathrooms: 1 BA
Parking: Street Parking
Lease Duration: 1 Year 
Pets Policy: No Pets
Laundry: Shared Coin Laundry Room 
Property Type: Apartment
DESCRIPTION
Beautiful 2 BR 1 BA flat-like apt in the heart of North Panhandle. Kitchen was recently remodeled-has beautiful and spacious cabinets, granite countertops, along with upgraded stainless steel appliances, i.e. gas stove/oven, hood range, double-door refrigerator, dishwasher, microwave, and sink with disposal. Nice hardwood floors throughout the apartment. Living room with flat screen TV. Built in dining space adjacent to the living room and kitchen space. Both bedrooms have queen sized beds and good closet space. Lots of natural light and windows throughout the unit. Full-sized bathroom with tub. Living room opens up to private deck for this unit. Unit is available furnished or unfurnished. Nice and large shared backyard. Shared coin laundry room in building. Lots of street parking. Conveniently located near Haight Ashbury shops, restaurants and banks. Divisadero St shops and restaurants are also close by. Golden Gate Park is just down the street. Lucky's, Trader Joes, and Target are near. SF Muni Lines (21,24, and 43) within a few blocks. Easy freeway access to 101/Bay Bridge and 19th Ave/Golden Gate Bridge. St Marys and UCSF Hospitals are within 1 mile.
To schedule a showing, please contact Janis Brown  show contact info

RENTAL FEATURES
Remodeled Apartment
Furnished
Upgraded Appliances
Gas Range/Oven
Double Door Refrigerator
Great Cabinet Space in Kitchen
Sink with Disposal
Eat-In Dining Space
Living Room with Deck
Beautiful Hardwood Floors
Queen Beds in Both Bedrooms
Lots of Closet/Storage Space Throughout
Full-sized bathroom with Tub
Lots of Natural Light and Windows
Shared Laundry Room
Nice Shared Backyard
Street Parking
COMMUNITY FEATURES
Located in the North of Panhandle
Haight and Ashbury shops, restaurants, and banks are near
Divisadero St shops and restaurants are also closeby
Golden Gate Park is down the street
Luckys, Target, and Trader Joes are near
SF Muni Lines (21,24, and 43) right down the street
Powell BART Station is also near
St Marys Hospital and UCSF Hospitals within 1 mile
LEASE TERMS
Owner pays Water and Garbage. Tenant pays PG&E. Must have good credit, and 3x rent income. 1 yr lease minimum. No Smoking and No Pets Please.
Contact info: 
Le Steven Zhang Realty
Office:  show contact info
 | Cell:  show contact info

1999 Van Ness Avenue
San Francisco CA, 94109

Date Posted: October 19, 2018 at 17:25
Price: $4350
Latitude: 37.774478
Longitude: -122.441815
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
