$995 / 80ft2 - Urban Commune at 1350 Stockton in the heart of North Beach/Chinatown (north beach / telegraph hill)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Newly Renovated Urban Room in a Walker's and Commuter's Paradise !
LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION! WALK SCORE OF 99!
The building features a modern, renovated kitchen, including stainless steel fixtures with electric stove top. Bathroom is conveniently located down the hall. The room is spacious and the perfect size for a student or professional who wants to experience the hustle and bustle of real San Francisco living.
Within steps from many restaurants, and bars, and local markets for fresh produce and meats. Local restaurants within just a few blocks include Mama's, Tony's Pizza, the House Restaurant, Sotto Mare, the Stinking Rose, Golden Boy Pizza, Don Pisto's, Chubby Noodle, Molinari Delicatessen, Lai Hong Lounge, Golden Gate Bakery, Yuet Lee, New Asia, and and SO many amazing coffee places: Caffe Greco, Caffe Trieste, Caffe Puccini, Stella Pasty and Coffee, and Reveille Coffee. Also close by to many bars such as 15 Romolo, Devil's Acre, Comstock, Church Key, the Boardroom, Rouge, and the list goes on. You will be well-fed and well-drank living here! 
Favorite famous neighborhood spots include the Washington Square Park, San Francisco Jazz Mural/ Language of the Birds which reflects both the culture of North Beach and Chinatown on each side, City Lights bookstore, Beach Blanket Babylon. Also close to the police station so the neighborhood is safe. 
TRANSIT SCORE OF 100! 
No car is necessary as the transit score is literally perfect (100/100)! MUNI Lines within the same block at the 8, 8AX, 8X, 10, 12, 30. 41, 45, 91. Also exciting is the new Central Subway Chinatown Stop in development, which is only 4 blocks away (Washington and Stockton). 1 block from the Mason-Broadway cable car stop and not to mention, close to the Cable Car Museum. 
Please contact us via email at  show contact info
 or call  show contact info
 to schedule a tour.
Please note that this room is in an SRO dorm style living building, kitchens / showers / restrooms are shared.
Furnished option available
Pet-Friendly with pet rent / deposit
Short term monthly premiums will apply for leases less than 12 months in duration
Please visit our website for more available units:
www.valstockmanagement.com
EQUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITY
It is illegal to Discriminate Against Any Person Because of Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Handicap, Familial Status, or National Origin

Date Posted: September 28, 2018 at 13:52
Price: $995
Latitude: 37.798374
Longitude: -122.408595
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: 80
