$3450 / 2br - Walk to the Beach! | Renovated | Light & Bright | 10 Mins to GG Bridge (richmond / seacliff)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Available now! This 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom, ground floor apartment offers all new renovations, many windows and comfortable living. As you enter you are greeted by the main living space and kitchen. Stone counter tops, pendant lighting, stainless steel appliances, lots of cabinets and wine storage makes this kitchen a true pleasure to cook and entertain in! Off of the main room are the two bedrooms which are both a great size. The smaller of the two can easily accommodate your queen sized bed, dresser, side tables and even a small desk. The larger room connects to the units bathroom through is walkthrough closet and spacious enough for your king sized bed, dresser and side tables. The units bathroom emirates a spa like feel with its tasteful new tile work, modern fixtures and deep bath tub. The bathroom has two entrances, one through the master bedroom and the other from the main living space. High ceilings, new flooring and a large pantry closet finish of this wonderful apartment!
THE NEIGHBORHOOD: Richmond District
The Richmond District is a stunning destination filled with multi-million-dollar homes, gorgeous landscaping and some of the most coveted views of the city, the Bay and the Golden Gate Bridge. The location is an outdoors enthusiasts dream with the forest of the Presidio, crashing waves of Baker Beach and gorgeous hiking trails at Lands End within minutes of the front door! Many restaurants, cafes and shops are a few blocks away on Clement and Geary Streets!
~10 minute drive to the Golden Gate Bridge
~ Walk to Ocean Beach 
~ 10 minute walk neighborhood grocery stores
~Walk to Corporate Shuttle bus stop at Park Presidio and Geary Street
DETAILS:
Bed: 2
Bath: 2
Lease Term: 12 Months
Utilities included: NO UTILITIES INCLUDED
Pets negotiable with approval from the owner and pet deposit ($300 Cat/$500 Dog)
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS: 
Credit Score of 650+
Monthly income of 2.5x the amount of rent
Positive references
CONTACT: 
Sarah Kalkbrenner 
Leasing Specialist show contact info
  
Structure Properties 
100 Green Street 
San Francisco, Ca 94111 
www.structureproperties.com
BRE# 02070518

Date Posted: October 05, 2018 at 22:14
Price: $3450
Latitude: 37.779400
Longitude: -122.501135
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: NA
