$19900 / 4br - 2688ft2 - Bay Bridge, Bay view Corner 4BR/3BA/balcony LUMINA- Mia Takami (SOMA / south beach)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
This expansive LUMINA residence features 3 Bedrooms + Large Enclosed Office/4th Bedroom and 3 Bathrooms and offers the best corner Bay Bridge and Bay views framed by floor to ceiling windows.  Stunning panoramic Bay Bridge views greet you upon entry and oversized open living space with ample dining area and elegant open kitchen are perfect for relaxing or entertaining.  Unprecedented Luxury Amenities in unbeatable South Beach location near Embarcadero Waterfront!
Address: 338 Main st Unit 31B
Unit Features:
3 Bedrooms + Large Enclosed Office/4th Bedroom, 3 Bathrooms
Signature corner unit with Frontal Bay Bridge and Bay Views
2692 sq ft per architect
Wide plank hardwood floors throughout
High ceiling/Floor-to-Ceiling glass windows
Upgraded closet and cabinet organizers in walk-in closets
Motorized window shades in all rooms
Gaggenau oven and cooktop
Gaggenau refrigerator and Bosch dishwasher with integrated paneling
Premium Caesarstone quartz countertop and backsplash
Custom SieMatic cabinetry with aluminum recessed channel pulls
SieMatic vanity cabinets with Volakas marble countertops
European porcelain tile on bathroom floor and shower wall
Indulged MAX soaking tubs
Custom automatic shades
NEST Learning Thermostat w/air conditioning and heating 
Bosch washer and dryer in unit
Private balcony 
Lumina Amenities Features:
24-hour door service and delivery from Woodland Market
Club lounge w/fireplace and backlit bar
75-foot heated saline Lap Pool w/a two-story skylight
2,000 sq ft Spa w/treatment room, day lockers, steam room, dry sauna
7,000 sq. ft. State-of-the-art Gym With lockers, 20 ft Rock climbing wall, Yoga/high aerobic studios
Rooftop terrace w/outdoor dining areas, BBQ, Fire pits, Vegetable gardens, Outdoor movie lawn
Screening room w/a large projection screen and surround sound
Private dining room w/outdoor terrace, chef kitchen and fireplace
Library lounge w/wifi access
Children's room, complete w/chalkboard and an interactive all
Pet grooming station w/full wash basin and raised platform
Music practice room
Valet parking & Bike room
AUDI AT HOME, book directly from your smartphone!
Click here for LUMINA's 45,000 sq ft of Luxury Amenities: http://luminasf.com/amenities/ 
Lumina is a brand new 24 hour doorman attended building at the center of South Beach's hottest neighborhood, a short walk to the Ferry Building/Farmer's Market, Embarcadero Waterfront, Financial District, Union Square and AT&T Park. A great home base a few blocks from Muni/CalTrain, blocks from onramp to the Bay Bridge and 101/280 - whisking you without the usual city traffic, to both major Airports and all that East Bay and the Peninsula attractions. Walk to major Tech Companies/Shuttle Access. Transit Center features "City Park" a public 5.4-acre rooftop park!
Lease Term: 
Unfurnished 
Move-in ready: January 17th
Minimum 1 year lease 
Rent - $19,900/mo includes water, trash and sewer
Valet parking available for $300/mo  
Easy to Show - please call or text Angie  show contact info
 | anzhalika.leonenka @ kw.com
MIA TAKAMI, MBA / Top Producer at Keller Williams Luxury International 
p.  show contact info
 e. takamimia @ me.com
Follow me on Facebook www.facebook.com/mia.takami 
LOOKING TO LEASE YOUR PROPERTY?
LOOKING TO PURCHASE OR SELL?
CONTACT MIA FOR A FREE CONSULTATION AND REQUEST HER LATEST REAL ESTATE GUIDE - FREE DIGITAL DOWNLOAD @ www.miatakamirealestate.com
"Dear Neighbors, 
Whether you are considering becoming a real estate investor, pondering buying or selling, or just looking to lease, let me help you do your due diligence. I have been a real estate agent in SF for over 12 years. I know this market. Knowledge and information is the key to decision making. Let me help you to be successful in 2018-2019 - Mia"
DRE# 01796537 Millennium Tower, Infinity, Lumina, The Harrison, One Rincon Hill, Turnberry Tower, The Californian, One Hawthorne, Metropolitan, St Regis, Brannan, New Development, SoMa. South Beach condo, Financial District, South of Market, San Francisco, 1450 Franklin, 181 Fremont, Fulton 555, LuXe, One Mission Bay, Park Lane, Rowan, Rockwell, Seventy2Townsend, Summit 800, The Austin SF
*2d image was taken from the same corner but the rental unit on much higher floor and larger sq ft thus, it has better Bridge and Water views.

Date Posted: October 27, 2018 at 10:37
Price: $19900
Latitude: 37.788738
Longitude: -122.391071
Bedrooms: 4
Bathrooms: 3
Sqft: 2688
