$3995 / 2br - 1250ft2 - 2BR 2BA- Great Location! Lots of Closets! Quiet! 1250 Sq/ft! Lrg Study (lower pac hts)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
This very large (1250sqft+), bright and sunny two bedroom two bathroom apartment is almost brand new and is available now. 
Features 
Pets - Sorry, no pets 
Floors - Hardwood 
Parking - Additional fee. 
Fireplace - Gas 
Outside area - None.
Stove - Gas
View - No 
Washer/Dryer - Yes, on the same floor 
Noise level - Quiet 
Dishwasher - Yes 
Utilities - Garbage paid 
Water Pressure - Good
Building type - New. 
Furnished - No 
Move-In Requirements:
Application Fee - $25.00 
Rent - $3995.00
Open House - Call for an appointment 
Lease Term - 1 Year 
Credit Report - Required 
Brand new building - modern design inside and out. Copper shingles and steel panels adorn the front of the building and the huge round bay windows give the building a sleek, sophisticated look. 
The main entrance to the building is open and bright with large glass panels and a glass door. The entire building is safe and secure with an electronic key system. 
The living/dining room is bright, open and inviting. Gas-fired pot-belly stove provides ample heat and atmosphere. 
Huge kitchen is open to the dining area and living room. All the appliances are top of the line and are brand new. The counter tops are made of high quality Ceasarstone. The cabinets are made of maple and there are plenty of them allowing for lots of storage. The oven and stove-top are gas. 
The large master bedroom has a huge walk-in closet and en-suite bathroom. There are many closets throughout the apartment allowing for lots of storage. 
The second bedroom is extremely light with 2 large windows. It also has a good-sized closet. 
The master bathroom is en-suite with the bedroom. All the fixtures are new, the countertops are made of Ceasarstone, the large vanity cabinets are made of maple with large wall-mounted mirrors above. A second full bathroom is accessed off the hallway. 
Off the entryway is a study area with large closet with sliding doors. This CANNOT be used as a third bedroom. 
The building is centrally located in Lower Nob Hill right at the California St. cable-car terminus. It is close to the many Muni lines along Van Ness and Polk St. and the 1 California line to downtown and points west; the cable-car line is right in front of the building. Many fine restaurants along Polk St. are within one or two blocks, Whole Foods Market and other grocery stores are within 1 block. Parks in Pacific Heights are only a couple of blocks away. 
Very high-speed Ethernet/Internet services, DirecTV and Voice-over-IP telephone services are available. 
There are hardwood floors throughout the unit, mini-blinds on the many windows and vertical blinds on the sliding glass doors. 
Secure underground parking is available for an additional fee. 
There is no storage in the building outside of the unit. 
No pets allowed. 
Laundry facilities located on each floor - coin-operated. 
Non-smokers only please. 
Call to make an appointment to view  show contact info

DO NOT CALL IF YOU STILL NEED TO GIVE 30 DAYS NOTICE!

Date Posted: October 09, 2018 at 12:26
Price: $3995
Latitude: 37.790578
Longitude: -122.420687
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1250
