$4680 / 3br - Beautifully Remodeled, Spacious Richmond Apartment Close to USF, DT (richmond / seacliff)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Renovated, Elegant and Bright Richmond District Apartment offers three spacious bedroom, a bath, , living room/dining room, updated kitchen with appliances, double paned large windows which capture lots of natural light, many cabinets for additional storage, and much more.
This beautiful home is conveniently nearby groceries, banks, coffee shops, University of California San Francisco (UCSF), Golden Gate Park, De Young Museum, California Academy of Sciences. Furthermore, minutes to Ocean Beach, San Francisco Zoo, San Francisco State University (SFSU), City College of San Francisco (CCSF), University of San Francisco (USF). Minutes away from the Westlake Shopping Center, Stonestown Galleria, Downtown San Francisco Financial District, SFO, Peninsula such as Daly City, South San Francisco, Millbrae, Burlingame and much more. Excellent public transportation on MUNI line to SF downtown financial district. Easy access to major highways 280, 101 & 35. 
First month's rent of $4,680 and $7,020 security deposit required to move in. Minimum one year lease is required. Landlord pays water, garbage recycling and compost, Tenant pays PG&E and all other utilities.
We are seeking applicants with a clean credit history, adequate verifiable income and good rental references. We will contact references and run a credit check. Applications with incomplete or inaccurate information cannot be processed. This apartment will be rented AS IS present condition. Once you submit the application, you are acknowledging that you have personally inspected the house and are aware of and satisfied with its condition. Please apply only after you have viewed the premises which is available for immediate move-in.
Posted by Randy Lui. Randy is a CA licensed real estate broker. Send email or call for details. If you are interested in viewing or have questions regarding the apartment, please leave a voice message with your name and contact information and phone number.
Keywords: Beautiful home, single family home, residence, Sunset District, Parkside, Richmond District, Ingleside, Peet's coffee, Starbucks, Home Depot, Lowes, Ocean Avenue, Olympic Golf Club, Lake Merced, Harding Golf Course, San Francisco State University (SFSU), City College of San Francisco (CCSF), University of San Francisco (USF), University of California San Francisco (UCSF), Stonestown Galleria, San Francisco Zoo, Ocean Beach, Westlake Shopping Center, MUNI, hwy 280, 101 & 35, Downtown, San Francisco Financial District, SFO, Peninsula, Daly City, Pacifica, South San Francisco, Millbrae, Burlingame, San Mateo, Foster City.

Date Posted: November 01, 2018 at 20:04
Price: $4680
Latitude: 37.778408
Longitude: -122.479241
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: NA
