$3500 / 2br - Two-level loft offers up the finest features at the Oriental Warehouse (SOMA / south beach)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
This two-level loft offers up the finest features at the Oriental Warehouse plus endless possibilities for both living and work-at-home office. The dramatic open-plan living area provides wonderful entertaining possibilities and sits adjacent to the beautifully renovated kitchen complete with integrated dining and working island, copper bar top, Sub-Zero wine cooler and custom installed DCS gas range. An absolute rare plus, the gas range which was custom plumbed with HOA approval, replaces the standard electric range found throughout the building. The soaring living room is complemented by an overhead cat-walk and adjoins the walk-out and sunny private patio, perfect for alfresco dining or simply relaxing in a quiet setting. Uniquely positioned on the northeast corner of the second floor, this residence enjoys partial views to the north through the two large cut-outs in the historic brick facade along with exceptional light and airiness within its double volume setting. Other upgrades include custom light fixtures, track lighting, updated master bathroom includes motorized blinds and a custom California closet, custom bathroom tiling, custom paint, and more. In-unit laundry and 1-car parking (additional parking spot available for a fee) complete the home. Pets will be considered on an individual basis.The Oriental Warehouse is a San Francisco-designated historic landmark built in 1867 by the Pacific Mail Steamship Company. In the 1880s, the Oriental Warehouse played a crucial role in the distribution of imports: coffee, tea, rice, and silk from the Orient. Over a century later in 1996, Fisher-Friedman Architects' ingenuity revived the formerly derelict Oriental Warehouse. The original shell was left intact and a new, modern building was built within. The historic loft conversion consists of 66 dramatic lofts with 18-foot ceilings, exposed brick and timber, and stunning architectural details.

Date Posted: October 25, 2018 at 19:47
Price: $3500
Latitude: 37.783232
Longitude: -122.389370
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: NA
