$3000 Modern, Open Concept Mid-Market Loft (downtown / civic / van ness)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
This modern, warm industrial style, open-concept loft is located in the heart of the revitalizing Mid-Market district. Flanked by the up and coming Tenderloin on one side and Market street on the other, this apartment is perfect for young professionals who want to experience urban living at its best!
Arsicault Bakery, named by Bon Appetit as the best new bakery in the country, is opening up shop on the ground floor of the building. Bi-Rite's brand new Civic Center Café has just opened.  WHOLE FOODS will also be opening one short block away!!!
The Civic Center BART/MUNI station is just steps away from the front door. With perfect walk and transit score of 100, you have easy access to downtown, Trader Joe's, the financial district, SOMA, the Mission, Polk Street, the Marina, East Bay, Caltrain...it doesn't get much easier than this to get where you need to go. Get to Twitter, Uber, Dolby, FiDi in under 10 minutes on foot.
The space itself is very large, airy, bright, and open. The main floor contains the kitchen, dining/living area, large closet, and bathroom. There are two open lofted areas on opposite sides of the apartment accessible by ladder that could be used as a bedroom and home office, bedroom and yoga space, bedroom and studio, etc. One of the lofted areas is quite a bit larger than the other, and as mentioned the apartment is a traditional lofted style, with walls that do not go all the way to the ceiling.
The apartment is located in the renovated Book Concern building. There is a secured entry and elevator with key fob, shared laundry in basement, plentiful bike parking, and an open roof deck. A twice a week farmer's market occurs in Civic Center Plaza next door.
Apartment is available Nov 4.
Please respond with your desired move-in date, number of tenants, and availability to view apartment.
Rent is $3000, Sec deposit is $3000, Good credit or co-signer required. Water and Garbage are included. Flexible lease terms.

Date Posted: October 10, 2018 at 15:54
Price: $3000
Latitude: 37.780948
Longitude: -122.413514
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
