$2595 / 1br - Beautiful Remodeled 1-Bedroom (russian hill)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        

    
      Beautiful New 1-BD
    
  
  Property Address

760 North Point St. | 101 | San Francisco, CA 94109


  Available: Now

Offered By

RDM Apartments
Description
  
    This is a beautiful one bedroom unit near the corner of North Point and Hyde streets.  It was completely rebuilt several years ago and still looks new.  It has all the modern conveniences you would want in a nice apartment.  The building contains 14 apartments and most of it has been remodeled to a high quality level.    This particular unit has a finger view towards Telegraph Hill and downtown.  It is on the second floor.
The kitchen of the unit has maple laminate cabinets, granite counters and relatively new stainless steel appliances.  There is a very good quality gas range, built in microwave, dishwasher, disposal, and refrigerator.
The plumbing in the building is all rebuilt, including copper pipes, new waste lines, etc.  There is a re-circulating system so hot water is hot instantly. The bathroom has a large mirror, halogen light and large medicine cabinet. There is an automatic ventilating system on the roof which operates every morning and afternoon to keep the bathroom dry and mildew free.
There are many lights in the building common areas for security.  The front door is a glass commercial model and I use a non copy front door key system for security.  There is a voice control intercom to the front door of the building so you can speak to people who want entry.
The unit has a refinished hardwood floor, gas heating and is fully insulated. All of the walls are relatively new sheet rock, with new wood trim throughout as well.  All of the doors and hardware in the unit are also nearly new.  The hardware is from Baldwin Brass and is top notch.
There is a laundry in the building with two washers and two driers.
Thanks for your interest!
Sorry, no smokers or pets.
  


  Details
  Beds/Baths: 1BD/1.0BA

  Rental Terms
  Rent: $2,595.00 

    
Available: Now
    
Security Deposit: $2,595.00

  
Pet Policy
  Cats not allowed
      Dogs not allowed

Date Posted: November 02, 2018 at 11:06
Price: $2595
Latitude: 37.805971
Longitude: -122.419592
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
