$3795 / 2br - Updated Kitchen and Bath | Panhandle | In-Unit W/D |Parking Included (alamo square / nopa)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
MUST SEE REMODELED TWO BEDROOM in NOPA |   Includes In-Unit W/D & Parking 
Marketing DescriptionMust see beautiful 2 bedroom unit with washer and dryer IN UNIT! 
This unit is rich in color and design. Beautiful hard wood floors, oak cabinets and stainless steel appliances! State of the art security cameras and parking included in rent! 
WELCOME TO NOPA - Known for the history of being the origin of the hippie counterculture, it still holds some of the historical roots that keep it in place. The Club Deluxe welcomes those that want to relax with jazz music and smooth drinks in this intimate nightclub atmosphere, while Zazie caters to those that would like a beautiful brunch atmosphere on their large outdoor patio. 
The Urban School of San Francisco located in Haight Ashbury for higher education learning. A traditional grocer for the area is the Haight Street Market. Selling fresh produce, meats, cheeses, wines and other fine foods from the surrounding areas. Haight Ashbury has seen the time change and shows its real roots as you walk down the streets. 
NoPa, a neighborhood near the narrow east strip of Golden Gate Park that has hip cafes, quirky shops, and colorful Victorians. Its diverse collection of restaurants, bars, shops, and surrounding parks makes the neighborhood unique and easily accessible. Nearby, Alamo Square Park offers impressive views of the city skyline and a row of classic Victorians known as the Painted Ladies.
APARTMENT DETAILS:
Neighborhood: NOPA 
Address: 340 Baker St. San Francisco CA 94117
Bedrooms: Two Bedrooms 
Bathrooms: One Full Bath 
Kitchen: Open Kitchen W/ Stove, Fridge, and Dishwasher - New Cabinets
Parking: Included!
Laundry: In-Unit W/D
Hardwood Floors
Street Facing Unit 
Available: Now
REQUIREMENTS:
Credit: Good Standing
Income: 3x the Rent
Guarantors Accepted
Security Deposit Required
Application Fee: $40 per applicant 
Lease Terms: Annual
NO PETS
CONTACT:
Rafael Davis Leasing Agent show contact info
 
Phone:  show contact info

Chandler Properties - Rental Department
2799 California Street
San Francisco, CA 94115
www.ChandlerProperties.com

Date Posted: October 22, 2018 at 17:18
Price: $3795
Latitude: 37.774015
Longitude: -122.440999
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
