$1395 / 100ft2 - Newly Remodeled unit in the Heart of North Beach/ Chinatown (north beach / telegraph hill)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION! 
WALK SCORE OF 99!
Unit features cream-colored hardwood flooring. Bathroom is conveniently located down the hall. The room is spacious and the perfect size for anyone who wants to experience the hustle and bustle of real San Francisco living.
Located in the heart North Beach/Chinatown. Within steps from many restaurants, and bars, and local markets for fresh produce and meats. Local restaurants within just a few blocks include Mama's, Tony's Pizza, the House Restaurant, Sotto Mare, the Stinking Rose, Golden Boy Pizza, Don Pisto's, Chubby Noodle, Molinari Delicatessen, Lai Hong Lounge, Golden Gate Bakery, Yuet Lee, New Asia, and many, many more! Food is plenty abundant for all price points here. And SO many amazing coffee places: Caffe Greco, Caffe Trieste, Caffe Puccini, Stella Pasty and Coffee, and Reveille Coffee. Night life is also amazing - Sip Lounge is on the ground floor of the building! Also close by to many bars such as 15 Romolo, Devil's Acre, Comstock, Church Key, the Boardroom, Rouge, and the list goes on. You will be well-fed and well-drank living here! Favorite famous neighborhood spots include the Washington Square Park, San Francisco Jazz Mural/ Language of the Birds which reflects both the culture of North Beach and Chinatown on each side, City Lights bookstore, Beach Blanket Babylon. Also close to the police station so the neighborhood is safe. 
TRANSIT SCORE OF 100! No car is necessary as the transit score is literally perfect (100/100)! MUNI Lines within the same block at the 8, 8AX, 8X, 10, 12, 30. 41, 45, 91. Also exciting is the new Central Subway Chinatown Stop in development, which is only 4 blocks away (Washington and Stockton). 1 block from the Mason-Broadway cable car stop and not to mention, close to the Cable Car Museum. The building is right off the Broadway tunnel for the fastest access to the Russian Hill/ Polk Street gulch/ Pac Heights. 
Please call  show contact info
 or via email at  show contact info
 to schedule a tour. 
SRO dorm style living, showers / bathrooms shared.
Furnished option available
Pet-Friendly with pet rent / deposit
Short term monthly premiums will apply for leases less than 12 months in duration
Visit www.valstockmanagement.com for more available units.
EQUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITY
It is illegal to Discriminate Against Any Person Because of Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Handicap, Familial Status, or National Origin

Date Posted: October 11, 2018 at 14:30
Price: $1395
Latitude: 37.797187
Longitude: -122.409990
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: 100
