$4687 / 2br - 902ft2 - Controlled Building Access, Hardwood-Style Plank Flooring (mission district)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Relax in Your New Home Welcome Home! Call Now:  show contact info
 x 99OR Text 99 to  show contact info
 to text with us.Vara 1600 15th St, San Francisco, CA, 94103Want more info? See the link below:http://cl.greystar.com/sb7907 This is a 2 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 902 Sq. Ft.  Welcome to Vara, a stylish residential community featuring new studio, 1-, 2- and 3-bedroom apartments in San Francisco's Mission District. Spacious layouts and premium amenities welcome you home, along with exceptional service and an ideal location within walking distance to shopping, dining and entertainment options. Are you looking for an apt for rent in San Francisco? Enjoy the perks of interior features such as gourmet kitchens with hardwoodstyle cabinets, stainless steel appliances, and beautiful quartz countertops. Just steps from your door you can take advantage of community features like a tech room for getting work done, a courtyard for socializing and lounging, and a state-of-the-art fitness center for working out. Vara is a chic retreat located in one of San Francisco's most desirable neighborhoods. Welcome home. Features - Hardwood-Style Plank Flooring  - Walk-In Closets*  - Private Patios Or Balconies*  - Quartz Countertops  - High Ceilings  - Many Floor Plans With Flex Space (Extra Bedroom, Office, Den Or Expanded Living Space)  - Abundant Phone, TV And High-Speed Data Ports  - Vibrant San Francisco City Views*  - Variety Of Unique Floorplans, Some Featuring Lofts And / Or Dens  - Gourmet Kitchen With Hardwood-Style Cabinets In 4 Finish Options And Stainless Steel Basin Sink With Pullout Spray Faucet  - In-Home Washers And Dryers  - Expansive Double Pane Windows  - Stainless Steel Appliances Including Dishwasher, Refrigerator, Glass Top Oven And Built-In Microwave *Varies By Floorplan And Location Community Amenities - Fitness Center With Health Club-Quality Equipment Including Built In Xbox 360 And Kinect System  - Easy Access To Bay Bridge And 101 & 280 Freeways  - Smoke-Free Community  - Controlled Building Access  - Abundant Bicycle Parking And Bike Repair Shop Including Fully Equipped Workbench  - Clubhouse With Catering Kitchen And Professional-Quality Bar With High End Sound System  - Tech Room / Meeting Room With A Sound-Proof Music Practice Room And A Private Tele-Conference Room  - Courtyard With Social Seating Areas, Barbecue, Lounge & Sunning Hill  - Garage Parking With Car Lockers  - Close To BART And Muni  - Free Wi-Fi In Common Area Locations  - Walking Distance To Vibrant Mission District Shopping, Dining And Entertainment Options  - Storage Units Available Pet Policy Pet Friendly (Restrictions Apply) Office Hours Monday-Friday:9:00AM-6:00PM
Saturday:10:00AM-5:00PM
Sunday:9:00AM-6:00PM Equal Housing Opportunity Yy0MopyL

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 14:19
Price: $4687
Latitude: 37.766674
Longitude: -122.419825
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 902
