$9950 / 3br - 2400ft2 - 3 BR, 3 BA 2 Story Marina Unit with Panoramic View Deck (marina / cow hollow)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
The 2,400 sq. ft, spacious unfurnished unit features a large formal living room with floor to ceiling windows with view of the Palace of Fine Arts and a steel enclosed fireplace with gas starter. Separate formal dining room is across from a large entry hall with plenty of closet space. Adjacent eat-in kitchen with granite island and all new stainless-steel appliances including side by side refrigerator/freezer, gas range, microwave, Bosch dishwasher, warming drawer and wine captain. Main floor also includes two roomy bedrooms, one with its own en-suite bathroom and the other with a separate full bath. Spacious top floor has separate master bedroom and en-suite bathroom opening to panoramic private deck with wind protection and full SF Bay and Golden Gate Bridge views. Top floor also includes auxiliary storage room that could be a wine cellar. In-unit laundry room with full size washer/dryer and ironing board. Lots of natural light and hardwood floors throughout. Parking available in ground floor garage.
This is a rare chance to live in a Richard Neutra building, one of only 4 in SF, that has been painstakingly remodeled retaining all its unique architectural elements. The building has been featured in Sunset magazine and on tours sponsored by the Museum of Modern Art and SF AIA.  The exceptional location is only ½ block from the Marina Green and the entrance to Chrissy Field, steps from the Palace of Fine Arts and five blocks from Chestnut Street filled with a wide choice of gourmet restaurants, coffee bars, specialty shops and services. 70 Walk Score and 82 Bike Score.
$9,950 security deposit required. Minimum one year lease. Tenant pays for gas, electricity, heat, cable, internet access and telephone. Landlord pays for water, garbage, landscaping and maintenance. No pets. Requires credit check. Available 9/29/2018.

Date Posted: October 08, 2018 at 10:04
Price: $9950
Latitude: 37.804376
Longitude: -122.446640
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 3
Sqft: 2400
