$3580 / 1br - 710ft2 - 1 Bedroom / 1 Bath - with $800 move in incentive (333 fremont street)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
I am renting out a 1 bedroom 1 bath apartment in a newly developed, residential  boutique rental building. This unit offers high-end finishes, hardwood floor, top-of-the line stainless appliances, in-unit laundry facilities, and option for parking. 333 Fremont is located in Rincon Hill.  The central location offers convenience to downtown offices, banks, transportation, restaurants, cafes, shopping, the Embarcadero, grocery store, night-life, museums and more. 
 We are moving into a new apartment in December so need someone to move into ours in December.   We are offering a $800 cash move in incentive plus we can leave the couch and two bar stools.  Please email/text for serious inquiries only. 
Building & Apartment details:
Engineered hardwood flooring. Thick underlayment under the wood floors to eliminate sound from the unit above.
Over-sized sound-deadening double pane windows to isolate the outside noise.
Fully adjustable window shades.
High-end contemporary finishes.
Large closets with abundant closet space.
Stainless steel appliances.
Full-size dishwasher with top controls hidden for the more modern luxury feel.
5 burner gas range stove.
Modern white-gloss cabinetry with brushed metal hardware with soft-close hinges and hardware
Chic pendant lighting over bar.
Hand selected Imported Italian granite counter-tops.
Grohe chrome kitchen faucets with large under mount sinks.
Glass tile backsplash.
Over-sized soaking tubs and spacious walk-in glass showers with environmentally sound low-flow fixtures.
Large bathroom vanities with spacious built-in drawers.
Electric heaters.
Coat closets for additional storage.
A variety of units include large balconies/patios with spectacular Downtown and Bay views.
AMENITIES and SERVICES:
Cable & Wifi - Webpass, Comcast, XFinity.
Secured Key - Card building access
Controlled entry system controlled by mobile handset
Private Security
Secured below-grade attached garage
Secured motorcycle parking in garage
Additional secured storage units
Bicycle storage
Environmentally conscious dog run facility
Webpass and cable high speed internet ready
Doorstep package delivery
Dry cleaning services
Exclusive resident events
PARKING: Available for just $299/month

Date Posted: November 01, 2018 at 11:30
Price: $3580
Latitude: 37.787518
Longitude: -122.392922
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 710
