$1950 / 1br - 510ft2 - +++FULLY FURNISHED Apartment Located in Popular Outer Sunset District (sunset / parkside)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
One bedroom fully furnished and equipped suite recommended for single occupant is available now to lease.
Has large 12ft X 15ft separate bedroom with full bed plus a large closet and office area. It comes with open-concept living/dining/full-kitchen area and a full separate bath with tub/overhead shower. Together with added storage up to 510 square feet is available for your use.        
Tired of buying/selling/moving everything?
•	This sunny, bright, quiet, clean, first floor suite with private, separate entrance includes living room, dining, office and bedroom furnishings, including extra day bed for your overnight guest; all matching kitchen appliances (stove, microwave and refrigerator are available), television, dishes, pans, utensils and bed/bath/kitchen linens. (Need more, just ask!). You just need to bring yourself, your toothbrush and clothes. 
Want $100's of dollars of conveniences for free? Your rent payment includes :
•	Free use of  ALL Utilities
•	Free high speed WiFi and 50+ Channel TV Antenna
•	Free use of automatic clothes washer and dryer located inside by your private front door.
•	Free additional indoor or outdoor storage spaces (We can normally meet your extra storage needs...boxes, suitcases, extra clothes, your bike, other?... usually no problem).
•	Free use of super sized fenced backyard with large patio and outdoor furniture located just outside your private back door for your morning coffee or week-end picnicking.
Convenient!
•	Easy, safe 5-10 minute walk to Ocean Beach, Golden Gate Park, restaurants, coffee shops and shopping areas on outer Noriega, Lincoln, Irving or Judah. If you like to hike, bike or surf; or just quietly enjoy the fun, reasonably priced restaurants and free activities at the beach or park, there is no better place to live in SF. There is something in the outer lands for everyone.
•	Short 5-10 minute walk to:  N-Judah Street Car that goes directly to UCSF Med Center, Downtown, Ballpark or Caltrain.  Or, #7 Muni Bus to Sunset Shopping and Downtown. Or, #18 Muni Bus to Lands End, SF Zoo, SF State or Mall. Or, Uber/Lyft in 5 minutes or less.
Helpful, friendly owners, retired businessman and his retired UCSF Medical Center nurse wife*, that respect your privacy live quietly in upper unit and provide full timely maintenance, including accepting safe delivery of your mail and packages. *(Note: RENT DISCOUNT PROVIDED UCSF MEDICAL CENTER EMPLOYEES)
Located on quiet, safe, residential street with ample street parking.  
Sorry no pets, and please no smoking, no drugs, no Airbnb.  
"Total move in cost" is $3,900 (First month's $1950 rent and $1950 security deposit). 
For possible appointment to view, please email us as soon as possible.

Date Posted: October 30, 2018 at 08:12
Price: $1950
Latitude: 37.755566
Longitude: -122.506700
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 510
