$4299 / 2br - 1100ft2 - $4299.00....Splendid AWESOME  2 BD/ lowest Rent..UPPER Pacific Heights (pacific heights)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
A MUST SEE...Extraordinarily, classy, quiet, bright,  and comfortable for the sophisticated  resident seeking an unique  Tudor/Edwardian small building to call home in a prime Upper Pacific Heights location surrounded by distinguish million dollars- single family homes.   Estimated, approx. 1100+sq.ft. Hardwood floors thruout. All rms are accented with many windows and  high coved ceilings .  This 7 rm formal unit with a separate Living Room,wonderfully bright with many windows and a fireplace and mantle as an accessory.
    A separate and large multi use or as a formal   Dining Room with built-in cabinets with leaded glass doors and cabinets with many drawers and doors, large window and an architectural boxed ceiling housing many lights plus a chandelier.   Many closets, especially, the  huge walk-in closet in the Bedroom, + large closet in hallway.  Ideal cook's kitchen, remodeled,  with self-cleaning   gas  range,   granite counters,  stainless- steel type   refrigerator,  dishwasher,  with  a large window and a   backdoor.   San Francisco bathrooms/split. Definitely, a wonderful  apartment available now.  
Convenient transportations to main  Financial districts, downtown, Symphony,  Opera, Museums, City Hall Park,   Union Square, Embarcadero, designers"s  Streets...  restaurants and unique shops on exciting  Fillmore,  Sacramento and Washington Streets,  short stroll  walking  distances, and specialty and neighborhood gourmet grocery and unique butcher and seafood shops, cafes, popular speciality cocktails, Starbucks, Peets, Royal Blue bottle Specialty Coffee  havens to meet your  friends.  
   Thank you...No Pets and  No Smoking of any kind. 
 CALL    show contact info
  to view  by appointment now.

Date Posted: October 03, 2018 at 11:17
Price: $4299
Latitude: 37.791631
Longitude: -122.441155
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1.5
Sqft: 1100
