$6000 / 3br - Gorgeous, Renovated 3BR/1BA unit in NOB HILL! Rentals In SF (nob hill)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
1348 Leavenworth between Washington and Clay 
Showing this Wednesday, 10/17/18 at 7:30 pm - 7:45 pm.
This is a 15 minute showing so please be prompt, thank you!
SHOWING SCHEDULE ALL PROPERTIES: https://www.rentalsinsf.com/listings/showing-schedule/
Spectacular 3 Br Edwardian unit!
There are two large bedrooms, office, one full bath, beautifully refinished hardwood floors, remodeled kitchen with
brand new refrigerator, washer & dryer. Working fireplaces in living room and dining room. Kitchen also includes a gas range and dishwasher.
Large and sunny living room The living room & office is separated by a pocket door and can be opened for entertaining guests. Traditional
Italian bathroom features a separate shower and toilet rooms.
Washer and dryer in unit. Backyard deck may be used with prior permission.
Unit Features:
- 3 large bedrooms
- 1 bath
- Bright and Sunny
- Remodeled Kitchen
- Laundry in unit
Lease Terms:
- One year lease
- Security Deposit is 1.5 month's rent
- Tenant pays all utilities
- Street parking only. Monthly parking available around the corner on Washington between Leavenworth & Jones (Public Garage).
- Non-smoking unit
- Sorry, no pets
Location:
Nob Hill is a definitive San Francisco neighborhood, home to history and a pedigree that continues to thrive today.
Within the borders of this high-class neighborhood are some of the most upscale restaurants, stately homes, and exclusive hotels; yet it is surrounded by a diverse group of neighborhoods that attract a variety of residents and visitors.
The homes in Nob Hill are well known for being grand, a direct reflection of a more sophisticated time. Residents here live in mostly single-family homes that are vintage Edwardian flats, but luxury high-rise condominiums also found here make it a popular neighborhood for both young couples and urban professionals.
Its unmistakably upscale reputation goes back more than one hundred years ago during the Gold Rush when it was home to many mansions built by railroad tycoons of the time in their attempt to escape the chaos on flatter grounds. In those locations today sit luxury hotels, including the famous Fairmont Hotel, as well as Grace Cathedral, revered as one of San Francisco's grandest churches.
The iconic cable car runs up Powell into the Nob Hill neighborhood taking tourists through the vibrant area. While similar in stature to neighbors like Russian Hill and Pacific Heights, the heights of Nob Hill seem to represent a climb up to the life of luxury, while surrounding districts such as the Financial District, Downtown, North Beach, and nearby Tenderloin each possess a completely unique and distinct character separate from Nob Hill.
Home to some of the most distinguished buildings and people of San Francisco, Nob Hill is a beloved neighborhood.
Please contact Liz Pisco
Leasing Agent - License # 01515257 
Broker - Jackie Tom / Rentals In SF 1318 Hayes Street San Francisco CA 94117.
Rental listings subject to change at any time. (Agent for Owner) believes all information contained herein to be correct but assumes no legal responsibility for the accuracy, any errors, or any omissions

Date Posted: September 20, 2018 at 08:02
Price: $6000
Latitude: 37.793444
Longitude: -122.416201
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
