$4800 / 2br - Furnished Victorian Modern 2bd/2Ba, No Credit, Foreigners = Okay (mission district)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Location! Location! Location!
Furnished 2 bedroom and 2 baths with Air Conditioning.
Do you need to rent from Two Months to One Year for Furnished Apartment?
Starts at $ 4800/month for One Year Lease. Furnished.
No Credit in the United States? New or Not so Perfect Credit Score? or Foreigners? Need a Quick Approval and Move in SOON? Contact Me!
30 Reasons Why this Unit should be Your Home:
1. Location, Location, Location. The building is located in one of the most desirable districts in San Francisco Downtown, the Mission Dolores District , inside the Valencia Corridor, where there are lots of restaurants, local stores and entertainment. The Ideal Surrounding for any person who loves San Francisco Downtown.
2. Near Popular Neighborhoods (walking distance) / HOT SPOTS: Valencia Corridor, Dolores Park, Noe Valley, Hayes Valley, Civic Center, Castro District.
3. High Walk Score and High Bike Score.
4. Easy Public Transportation (BART, MUNI Bus, Street Car).
5. Victorian Building Outside (Historic Building with High Ceiling), Newly Modern Unit Inside (Open Floor Plan).
6. Shared Roof Deck with Beautiful View of San Francisco.
7. Washer-Dryer inside the Unit ( So you do not have to carry your laundry to the basement or to a laundromat).
8. Unique to San Francisco Apartment:
Three Air Conditioning/Heaters inside Your Unit (When San Francisco is hot or cold, you feel comfortable).
9. CCTV throughout the Common Area (Hallway, Lobby, Front Building) which gives you a safety environment.
10. Smart Lock with Keyless System which You can control remotely through your cell phone (Android/Iphone).
11. Excellent Exterior Wall Insulation so you don't waste money in keeping the unit warm or cold.
12. Double Pane Windows Throughout with Noise Reduction Window Panels in the Master Bedroom.
13. Fully Furnished with Nice Quality Furniture.
14. Modern Kitchen with Utensils. Stainless Steel Refrigerator, Dishwasher, Stove/Oven, Microwave.
15. High Ceiling with Recessed LED Lights.
16. Two Bathrooms in the Unit (one with Bathtub and one with Shower Stall), No waiting in line.
17. Tankless Water Heater so You can take Shower with Endless Hot Water.
18. Big Screen TV in the living room.
19. Hardwood Floor Throughout.
20. Recently Remodeled in 2016 with Earthquake Retrofitted.
21. Open Floor Plan.
22. Within the Two Mile Radius, you have Megastores like Costco, Best Buy, Walgreen, Safeway, Whole Food, Trader Joe, Nordstorm Rack, T-Mobile, Office Max, Enterprise Car Rental, U-Haul. Also, Farmers Market (Wednesdays and Thursdays).
23. The Famous Dolores Park is about One Mile away from Our Building.
24. Whole Food and Safeway are about 2 blocks away from the building (So, you can walk rather than drive).
25. Easy Access to Freeway.
26. Walking distance from the techno-elite bus stop locations.
27. Bike Rack Storage so you can safely keep the bike in the building.
28. Next Door is a Convenient Store that opens till midnight which makes it easy for you to get your basic needs.
29. Ready for you to Move-In Today with Comfort so you don't have to buy all the EXTRAS.
30. Easy for you to Move-Out since You do not have to move Furnitures/Appliances, etc.
BRE Lic# 0859778

Date Posted: October 30, 2018 at 15:07
Price: $4800
Latitude: 37.769784
Longitude: -122.422357
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: NA
