$2995 Jr 1 Bd w/ Luxurious Kitchen + Bath in Historic Building, MUST SEE! (lower nob hill)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Elegantly Updated Jr. 1 Bdrm in a Storied San Francisco Setting (Lower Nob Hill)  $2995
Within the breathtaking facade of 952 Sutter Street are renovated luxury apartments that combine elegant period details with posh modern amenities. This remarkable residential building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. 
This Jr. 1 bedroom apartment is comfortable and sumptuous- featuring a freshly renovated chef's kitchen and an exquisitely restored bath featuring state-of-the-art fixtures and appliances, gorgeous marble counters and crisp modern cabinetry. Each unit offers charmingly unique vintage details throughout, including gorgeous hardwood floors, wainscoted walls, original doors with brass hardware, tall double-hung windows, crown moldings and coffered ceilings.   
Features: 
Sleek Chef's kitchen with dishwasher, built-in microwave and floor-to-ceiling cabinets
Upgraded Lighting Fixtures 
In-Unit Washer/Dryer
Spacious Closets
Shared Yard/Patio  
Marble Cabinets  
Renovated Bathroom with Tiled Shower Over Bath
About the Neighborhood: 
Nestled between Nob Hill, Union Square, and the Tenderloin, Lower Nob Hill evokes both the elegance of Nob Hill and the hipness of the Tenderloin, and it is dotted with edgy art galleries and bohemian coffee shops. For foodies, hip eateries and casual cocktail lounges can be found on every block.  Gourmet groceries can be found a block away at Sutter Fine Foods, and Heart of the City Farmers Market is a twice weekly event, located nearby. Minutes from Union Square and the Financial District, Lower Nob Hill is a commuters dream, from the iconic California Street Cable Car, to cross town Muni buses, and Civic Center BART and Metro station.
Walking Score: 99
Biking Score: 75
Transit Score: 1000

Date Posted: October 09, 2018 at 13:36
Price: $2995
Latitude: 37.788277
Longitude: -122.416056
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
