$4399 / 1br - 500ft2 - PERFECT ONE BEDROOM FURNISHED APARTMENT (noe valley)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
"THE CITY VIEW APARTMENT"
A ONE BEDROOM FURNISHED APARTMENT
LOCATED IN NOE VALLEY NEIGHBORHOOD OF SAN FRANCISCO
FEATURES INCLUDE:
*All utilities included
*Quality Furnishings
*Free HDTV w/ Premium Channels
*Free High Speed Wireless Internet
*Nicely Equipped Kitchen 
*Private Deck w/ View
*Smoke Free
*Pets Welcomed
*Excellent 4G and 3G reception
*Free Washer/Dryer in building
*Central Heating
INTRODUCTION: The "City View Apartment" is a fully furnished private large one-bedroom suite with a separate entrance, located right in the heart of picturesque the Noe (No-ee) Valley neighborhood of San Francisco.  Overlooking the city by the bay, this well-appointed stylish accommodation is perfect as temporary housing or an extended vacation (31 night minimum lease required). It is clean, secure, smoke-free and pet and eco-friendly and it's ideally suited for one to two persons. 
FLEXIBLE TERMS:  This is a perfect fully furnished space, especially if your are moving in or out of the city, remodeling your home, here for an extended stay for work, visiting family or on a nice long San Francisco vacation. We offer a 30-day lease - which is the required minimum stay - and then month to month thereafter (or prorated portion thereof.) That means if you plan on staying only 31, 32, 33 nights or more, we can accommodate you!
LOCATION: Nestled in the heart of Noe Valley of San Francisco, the "City View Apartment" is uniquely perched overlooking the city and the bay, but without having to climb any hills to get to the house. Noe Valley is also blessed as having one of the sunniest and warmest neighborhoods in the city - an important consideration here in San Francisco  and Noe Valley is known for its up-scale desirability and charm, boasting trendy restaurants, bakeries, wine and cheese shops, fashionable apparel boutiques, floral shops and public transportation.  Other rentals like to say they are located near Noe, but the "City View Apartment" is right in the middle of it.
SIZE and LAYOUT: Tucked away from the street noise, this one-bedroom apartment is about the size of a hotel suite. Its open kitchen and bright living area adjoins a large private deck with outstanding panoramic views. A separate bedroom adjoins the living area. It has a private full size bath and there are no stairs to climb.
STYLISH FURNISHINGS:  A breakfast bar with bar stools, twin lounge chairs, coffee table, entertainment console with a wide-screen HDTV, queen-size bed with nightstands, dresser and work desk and chair are tastefully arranged. Elegant, contemporary wall hangings and area rugs enhance the space's ambience.
PRIVATE DECK: You'll enjoy exclusive use of your own spacious wood deck with panoramic views of the city, the bay and the neighborhood gardens below. You will find that this space can be a tranquil sanctuary in the middle of the bustling city.  Deck furniture includes a gas BBQ, chaise lounge and a patio bistro set.
BUSINESS AMENITIES: Secured high-speed wireless internet is included.  A shared laser printer/copier is also connected to the network. "3G" and "4G" cell phone reception is excellent.
ENTERTAINMENT: A 42" flat-screen HDTV, equipped with cable box is installed in the living area. Local and premium cable channels plus many free on-demand programs and more are available. The bedroom is equipped with an I-pod compatible stereo alarm clock.
NICELY EQUIPPED MODERN KITCHEN: Granite countertops, sink with disposal, dishwasher, refrigerator/freezer, coffee maker, microwave, gas range and toaster-oven are installed. Kitchen utensils, dishes, glassware, flatware and cookware also provided. Just right for breakfast in the morning or an evening snack. 
SLEEPING ACCOMMODATIONS: You'll have sweet dreams on the queen-sized Premium memory foam mattress. All linens are high thread-count cotton sheets.
PRIVATE BATH: Full size tub/shower with glass enclosure is installed. All cotton bath towels, are provided.
SEPARATE SHARED LAUNDRY ROOM: A modern washer/gas dryer, utility sink and iron with ironing board are available for your use, free of charge.
MAID SERVICE:  Once a month maid service is provided by our professional cleaning staff, who will change the sheets and towels, vacuum, dust, polish the wood and glass surfaces and deep clean the kitchen and bathrooms for you.
TRANSIT and PARKING: We are just steps away from the Muni streetcars (J and F-lines) and busses (48-line), the Genentech and Google shuttle coaches and a ten minute walk to BART (24th St Station) and the 24 bus line.  This makes getting around town a breeze without a car. Street parking is also available.
LOCAL CONVENIENCES: A "Whole Foods" super-market is a five-minute walk away.  Additionally, a convenience store is within a baseball throw from the house, as is a dry cleaning/laundry business. Numerous banks and real-estate agencies are also close-by.
WALKING: We recommend exploring Noe Valley on foot (WalkScore of 97 out of 100; see "Walker's Paradise"). Noe Valley is a safe, well-lit, police patrolled, up-scale neighborhood that is pedestrian friendly.  Loads of enchanting, eye-popping Victorian homes that escaped the fire of 1906 adorn the neighborhood.
FITNESS and BICYCLING:  Two local fitness clubs are right around the corner and   Castro's fully equipped two-story gym is a short streetcar ride away. Bicycle rentals are just down the street.  
PET-FRIENDLY:  Your quiet, friendly dog (under 60 pounds) or cat is welcomed here at the "City View Suite."  Large, lockable doggy doors lead to the backyard for safe 24/7 pet relief and we will take care of any backyard clean up. (Backyard is restricted to pets only.)
ECO-FRIENDLY: The building is equipped with roof-top electric solar panels, renewable bamboo wood floors and ipe wood decks, environmentally friendly insulation, energy conserving light bulbs, motion activated switches, energy-saving appliances, water-conserving toilets and shower heads, a new large-capacity gas-saving water heater and a new high-efficiency central-air heater with a smart thermostat.

Date Posted: November 04, 2018 at 13:51
Price: $4399
Latitude: 37.751705
Longitude: -122.427437
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 500
