$2495 Spacious studio in the perfect NOPA location! Rentals In SF (alamo square / nopa)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
ID: 121315539
Location: Fulton St., San FranciscoRent: $2495 / Month
Available Date: NOW
Beds: Studio
Baths: 1
Pet: Cat Ok
Rent Includes: Water, Garbage
Features: Dishwasher, Eat-in Kitchen, Gas stove, Hardwood Floors, Laundry in Building, Outdoor Space, Yard, renovated bath, renovated kitchen
Recently remodeled studio apartment located just blocks to the heart of NOPA!
The living room is ground level. Its open to a nicely updated kitchen with modern appliances; stove/oven, refrigerator, dishwasher and microwave.
The bedroom area is up just a few steps from the living area and is attached to a full bath and spacious closet.
UNIT:
- Hardwood floors
- Updated kitchen with stainless appliances: Gas stove, dishwasher, refrigerator, microwave
- Elevated bedroom area
- Shared yard
- Shared on-site laundry
TERMS:
- One year lease
- Non smoking unit
- Street parking only
- Cat Ok - (sorry, no dogs). Additional $150.00 deposit is required
- Owner pays water and garbage. Tenant pays flat fee of $40 per month for PG&E.
- Available now!
LOCATION:
The North Panhandle neighborhood has quickly become a household name in San Francisco, although it is better known as NoPa.
NoPa's borders surround mostly residential properties, but its key location is convenient to some of the city's most popular destination restaurants and a growing number of storefronts. The eastern border runs along Divisadero Street, which is fast-paced with foot-traffic energy, boutique and vintage shops, epicurean desirables, and organic grocers.
Residents who live in this neighborhood enjoy the amenity of not having to own an automobile to get around in the district and out to every corner of the city. Some longtime residents will also admit that they find little reason to leave the area, as all of the city's amenities are within reach.
The neighborhood's westernmost border opens right up into Golden Gate Park providing endless opportunities for outdoor recreation and activities. Across the Panhandle, the long southern border along Fell Street provides a direct route to the freeway for residents that work outside the city or need a quick getaway. Other neighboring districts offer proximity to the University of San Francisco as well as the main facility for Kaiser Permanente.
With a growing number of destination restaurants and storefronts igniting its soaring popularity, becoming a resident of the North Panhandle would be an honor in the eyes of many San Franciscans.
Jackie Tom - Leasing Agent/Broker for Owner License # 01349629 / Broker Rentals In SF 1318 Hayes Street San Francisco CA 94117.
Rental listings subject to change at any time. (Agent) believes all information contained herein to be correct but assumes no legal responsibility for the accuracy, any errors, or any omissions in this ad or any syndicated ads on third party websites.  
PLEASE NOTE: Visit www.rentalsinsf.com directly for the most current and complete rental listing info. Thank you.
Jackie Tom - Leasing Agent for Owner License # 01549629 / Broker Rentals In SF 1318 Hayes Street San Francisco CA 94117.  Rental listings subject to change at any time. (Agent) believes all information contained herein to be correct but assumes no legal responsibility for the accuracy, any errors, or any omissions in this ad or any syndicated ads on third party websites. PLEASE NOTE: Visit www.rentalsinsf.com directly for the most current and complete rental listing info.

Date Posted: October 10, 2018 at 23:33
Price: $2495
Latitude: 37.773210
Longitude: -122.470163
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
