$3950 / 2br - 750ft2 - Spacious 2BR, 1BA, w/In-Unit Washer/Dryer AVAILABLE NOW! (lower haight)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Spacious 2BR, 1BA unit in very quiet and peaceful Edwardian building in the Duboce Triangle at 17-B Noe Street. 
2nd Floor, rear unit with large 21' living/dining room combo. Smaller 2nd bedroom has separate entrance. Apartment is available to be shown by appointment or at weekend open house viewings.
The unit has a large very sunny kitchen with expansive city views and a newly renovated bathroom. This is a 750 square-foot apartment on tree-lined Noe Street across from the Davies Campus of California Pacific Medical Center and Duboce Park. The neighborhood is noted for wide sidewalks with trees, flower planters, with benches, gardens, and well-maintained buildings. The N-Judah light rail is a few steps from your front door. Castro/Church Street dining, shopping, Safeway, and Castro; Lower Haight Street entertainment are all within easy walking distance.
This apartment is pre-wired for computer/telephone/cable use. There is a Presidential cast iron fireplace heater and coved ceilings with original moldings. The apartment will have fresh paint and new carpeting in the hallway, living room, and both bedrooms. 
The large, sunny kitchen is equipped with a refrigerator with icemaker, garbage disposal, dishwasher, and a microwave oven built in over a gas range. 
***There is also a full-sized clothes washing machine and dryer in this apartment, as well. 
Tenant is responsible for gas utility payment only!
One year lease is required. Security Deposit = 1 month's rent.
***Building was built in 1900 and all units are non-soundproofed--making this apartment ideal for quiet professionals who are respectful of the building and considerate of the units around it.
***Prior landlord references, credit report and credit score, I.D., job verification required. Please bring along these requirements when viewing the apartment.
No Smoking, Small Quiet Pet Negotiable, Bicycle storage in locked basement area. 
Owner-occupied, easy to show and available for weekday showings, call Leonard at  show contact info
.  
OPEN HOUSE: Saturday, October 13: 10-12Noon and Sunday, October 14: 10-12Noon.

Date Posted: September 26, 2018 at 08:18
Price: $3950
Latitude: 37.768898
Longitude: -122.433545
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 750
