$6500 / 2br - 1782ft2 - Fabulous Telegraph Hill 2 Bedroom Corporate Rental with Views! (Telegraph Hill)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Fully furnished, perfect for the corporate traveler, renovation, or relocation, for 30 days or longer, depending on availability.  This charming 2 bedroom home is spacious and elegant, and is in a great location.   Enjoy a formal front room, informal family room with large flatscreen t.v., large kitchen and dining area.  Set on 3 floors, this is a roomy and comfortable place to relax, and enjoy the neighborhood of Telegraph Hill.
The bedrooms are set with one queen, and one full bed, luxurious sheets, pillows, comforters, and lots of closet space.  There is a view in the master suite of the bay, and the 2nd bedroom has lovely views of the garden.  In the kitchen you have all the comforts of home, a chef's delight for cooking on an O'Keefe & Merit stove. The dining area is just off the kitchen, a perfect surrounding for social settings, or a relaxing meal after a long days work.  Downstairs in the family room you'll enjoy a large flatscreen t.v., sofabed, and a quiet respite to relax and unwind.  There is a bathroom, and laundry room on this floor, so very convenient.  Glass doors open onto your lush backyard, and provide a secluded hideaway, in the heart of the City.
From this location you are walking distance to the Financial District, North Beach, Coit Tower, and Fisherman's Wharf.  Transportation is very accessible, and you can easily park your car, since this is a quiet and residential street.  Garage parking is available for an additional fee.
Walk Score 98 ** Transit Score 100 ** Bike Score 60
Minimums/Terms/Rates
All rates are as accurate as possible, but your final rate must be confirmed at booking
Minimum stay requirements depend on each individual property and time of year
Seasonal rates may apply, please contact us for rates and minimum stay requirements
Security deposit required
Pets negotiable
For availability, rates, and details please contact:
Maureen "Mo" Couture
AMSI Real Estate Services
BRE#02020401

Date Posted: October 03, 2018 at 17:04
Price: $6500
Latitude: 37.801038
Longitude: -122.404430
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1782
