$1900 City Chic, Renovated Studio (downtown / civic / van ness)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
277 Golden Gate Ave, Studio
12 Month Lease
Please reply to this post with your preferred move-in date, phone and direct email in the message to schedule a showing. We do not lease site-unseen. 
Originally home to KGO-TV Channel 7's West Coast broadcasting facilities, The Lofts at Seven offers 88 loft and studio apartment homes in the heart of one of San Francisco's most connected neighborhoods. Designed to blend the building's iconic history with contemporary taste, these ultra-stylish residences are perfect for the urbanite on the go.
FEATURES
Hardwood flooring throughout
Oversized, double paned windows 
10-foot ceilings
CAT-6 wired for Internet, phone and cable
Custom roller shades
Exposed concrete walls 
KITCHENS | BATHS
Stainless steel appliances
Quartz countertops
Microwave
Summit Professional Series oven and stove
Undermount Sinks
Designer chrome fixtures and fittings
Porcelain tile flooring in baths
Full-size bathtubs
AMENITIES
Building wired for Webpass
Keyless entry doors
Open air sundeck with grills and fire pit
Rooftop, fully-landscaped (6,500 SF)
Outdoor cinema
Fitness center with city views
Wi-Fi in all amenity spaces
Laundry facilities on every floor
Laundry Locker
Secured bike storage and bike repair 
Secured building and lobby
Storage lockers 
Walking distance to Bart, Philz and U.C. Hastings. Four Barrel's, Bret Walker coffee shop, George & Lennie's is The Lofts at 7's shared retail space. Plus, a Bay Area Bike Share station right outside!
Studio
12 Month Lease - sorry, NO short-term leases
$1,900 per month
$1,900 deposit 
NO utilities included
NO parking available
$30 non-refundable application fee 
*Pets okay pending owner approval
*Please reply to this post with your preferred move-in date, phone and direct email in the message to schedule a showing. We do not lease site unseen.

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 06:39
Price: $1900
Latitude: 37.781702
Longitude: -122.415128
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: NA
