$5195 / 2br - Top-floor, bright and large remodeled apartment, 2-bed 1-ba + sun room (laurel hts / presidio)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Mazal55Properties

The apartment is sunny and very quiet, faces south, and has expansive and unobstructed views of Russian Hill, Downtown, Twin Peaks, and everything in between. It is a top-floor apartment, with beautiful hardwood flooring, and retains many charming features throughout.


The apartment enters into a hallway with immediate access to a remodeled kitchen. The hallway leads to a living room and two bedrooms. One of the bedrooms is separated from the living room via glass French doors. A sun room connects to the living room and to one of the bedrooms. The exterior windows are dual-pane. There are many closets throughout, including two large walk-in closets.


The kitchen features stone counter tops, a refrigerator, a dishwasher, a 4-burner gas range and oven, an in-sink disposal, newer cabinetry, and two built-in pantries. The bathroom has been remodeled as well, and features newer fixtures and tile flooring. It has a shower-over-tub with sliding glass doors, a pedestal sink, and a large built-in linen closet.


The location is quiet and close to restaurants and shops on Sacramento Street and in Laurel Village. The JCC is nearby as well, and Presidio and Alta Plaza Parks are a few blocks away. Major transportation lines on Geary Blvd and on California Street are close by, and there is easy access to the northbound 101 freeway.


Pets are negotiable; additional $100/mo for dogs of up to 14 lbs.
Parking is not currently available.
The included utilities and services are: water, sewer, garbage, and heating.
The building has a common backyard and an on-site laundry facility.
The minimum lease term is 12 months.


Mazal Bordo
Relocation Agent
CalBRE #: 01243370show contact info

www.mazal55properties.com

Date Posted: October 05, 2018 at 11:01
Price: $5195
Latitude: 37.789082
Longitude: -122.446554
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
