$16800 / 5br - Epic Victorian in Hayes Valley (hayes valley)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Classic Victorian property in an ideal Hayes Valley location, just south of Alamo Square. Originally built in 1839, this property has been meticulously renovated to the highest standards and offers a seismically retrofit foundation, retained period details, high ceilings, southern facing exposure, high-end finishings, and smart home upgrades. Expansive 3000+ sq ft offers multiple options for shared or family living, corporate residency, and/or subleasing possibilities. 
The open-planned living space downstairs features lofted windows alongside double French doors that open to a private use backyard with shady, mature palm trees. Southwestern exposure ensures long sunny evenings and an ideal environment to escape the city, relax, and BBQ with friends and family. The living room is wired for both backyard and interior built-in surround sound speakers. The kitchen is beautifully laid out and is equipped to satisfy the most demanding of gourmet chefs. The entire residence has smart Nest thermostat controls.
The master bedroom upstairs overlooks the Mission district and Twin Peaks from a double set of classic Victorian windows. The master bathroom is simply majestic, including a stand-alone bathtub with views, double vanity, and waterfall shower. The massive walk-in master closet can accommodate any fashion collection.
The residence offers space for up to 4 additional bedrooms. The front bedroom is oversized, accommodates a king-size bed, and is en-suite to a parlor with faux-fireplace alongside built-in bookcases and wine storage. The bedroom downstairs accommodates a queen-size bed and is en-suite to a luxurious bathroom. A mother-in-law studio downstairs offers complete living accommodations with a full kitchen, bathroom, and separate private entrance. An additional smaller bedroom upstairs accommodates a queen-size bed and is en-suite to a private half bathroom. A total of 4 full and 2 half bathrooms ensure privacy for all.
This unique San Francisco property is being offered for immediate availability. Nearby garaged parking can be arranged. The unit is currently fully furnished and we are flexible about different tenant requirements. Please contact us for viewing availability.

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 10:06
Price: $16800
Latitude: 37.773564
Longitude: -122.432971
Bedrooms: 5
Bathrooms: 5
Sqft: NA
