$4480 / 2br - Newly Renovated | Amazing Location! High End Finishes 115 Sanchez #4 (castro / upper market)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        

Please Email via "Reply" button above or Text  show contact info
  to set up a time to take a tour! DESCRIPTION:
Structure Properties is proud to offer this 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom apartment nestled in one of the most desirable neighborhoods. This unit is renovated to please! As you step in you are greeted by gleaming, original, hardwood floors and main living space. This room offers a great space for a dinning room table or living room set up. 
The kitchen boasts stainless steel appliances (including gas stove and dishwasher!), tasteful stone counter-tops, nicely tile floors and space for a breakfast table under the bay windows. This room receives great sunlight!. 
The two sizable bedrooms offer enough space for your queen size bed, side tables and dresser. There are standard size closet in each room. The Master bedroom has an ensuite bathroom with shower stall, all new fixtures and an additional walk in closet!
The hall bathroom features a stone tile shower surround, tile floors and modern fixtures.THE NEIGHBORHOOD: Duboce Triangle
Duboce Triangle's is a beautiful neighborhood with old Victorians, tree and foliage lined streets, and not too much fog. Its main attraction is its humble namesake park, this quaint residential neighborhood's centrality contributes to its sought-after status. While this put-together neighborhood is distinctly tranquil, the bustling nightlife and shopping options of The Castro and the Mission are mere steps away. When you want to trek to more distant San Francisco destinations, Duboce Triangle's multiple MUNI lines make it easy.
115 Sanchez St. has a Walk Score of 98 out of 100.! This location benefits from great transportation options, a diverse selection of restaurants, cafes, venues and parks.Around the corner from award wining cafes, restaurants, shops, bars and amazing entertainment!
15 minute walk to BART
4 minute walk to the underground MUNI and F Street Car
7 minute walk to Whole Foods Market, Golden Natural Market and Safeway
Safe and easily accessible bike paths
DETAILS:
Rent:$4480
Deposit:$4480
Bed: 2
Bath: 2
Lease Term: 12 Months
Utilities included: Water and Garbage Included
Coin operated laundry in the buildingREQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS: 
Credit Score of 650+
Monthly income of 2.5x the amount of rent 
Positive references
01923170

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 07:07
Price: $4480
Latitude: 37.767362
Longitude: -122.431169
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: NA
