$3900 / 1000ft2 - Sunday Open House- $3900/ 2BR in NoPa (USF / panhandle)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Open House This Sunday! 10am-1pm 152 Shrader St. at Hayes
Located in the beautiful, safe NoPa (North of the Panhandle) neighborhood, one block from the Panhandle and one block from Golden Gate Park with a walk score of 94.
We just finished painting and renovations, and we're happy to offer this cozy, tucked away apartment inside our classic Edwardian home. This apartment is available for up to six months.
From here, you can easily walk to lush, world-renowned Golden Gate Park, historic, hip Haight Street, and the Richmond, Sunset, and Cole Valley neighborhoods.
The apartment has a private wisteria and lily-lined pathway, two bedrooms with queen beds, a fully-equipped kitchenette, and a living area with a couch that unfolds into a third, small bed (best for kids but can accommodate an adult). There is also a Pack 'n Play crib for babies and toddlers, and an accessible backyard just outside the doorstep. 
We're walking distance to restaurants, cafés, Whole Foods, UCSF, USF, St. Mary's Hospital, the DeYoung museum, Academy of Sciences and seven bus lines. Also, the central location makes it breeze to get to Kaiser, Cal Pacific Medical Center... and the beach!
Additionally, we are 20 minutes from downtown San Francisco, the location of hundreds of company headquarters ranging from financial services like Wells Fargo and Charles Schwab to computer services like Twitter, Uber, and Salesforce to entertainment industries like Dolby and LucasArts and retail giants GAP, Levi Strauss and Williams-Sonoma, to mention just a few.
We are 20 miles from SFO, 25 miles from Oakland Airport and 30 miles from Silicon Valley companies including Apple, Facebook, Google, Visa, and Chevron. Stanford University is 40 miles south.
The apartment gets morning sun, and is equipped with a refrigerator, microwave, stove/oven, toaster, coffee maker, electric teapot, blender, dining counter, silverware, dishes, luxurious down comforters and pillows, iron, ironing board, games for kids + more. Also, we have WiFi, a stereo for smart phones, and TV with Roku and Netflix.
The apartment can be delivered unfurnished if desired.
You're invited to relax outside in the hammock, or cook on the outdoor grill and dine al fresco in the private garden.
Enjoy this convenient location in the center of San Francisco! Our tree-lined, quintessentially San Franciscan neighborhood is safe and residential, with a few local, family-owned businesses nearby, including a corner store, cafés, restaurants, nail and hair salons, a bike shop, and an old-school barbershop.

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 09:09
Price: $3900
Latitude: 37.773545
Longitude: -122.452713
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: 1000
