$2400 / 600ft2 - Large Modernized Studio in Beautiful Neighborhood (richmond / seacliff)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Please Note: Images above may not be of the available unit but of a similar unit.FOR RENT: 1 Large Studio, Smoke-Free in a Beautiful Neighborhood close to the Ocean with Views!AVAILABLE: Now
EL PRADO APARTMENTS 101 Point Lobos Avenue, San Francisco CA 94121
UNIT VIEWING: Unit Viewing is this Sunday 12:00 PM to 2:00 PMIndividual viewing appointments may be made at mutually convenient dates and times.  Please note that same day appointments are unlikely.

INFORMATION:
Rent: $2400 per month

Property type: Apartment

Available: Early July

Bedrooms: Studio

Bathrooms: 1

Approximate Square Feet: 600

Ocean Views: Yes!

Pets allowed: Cats Only

Pet restrictions: Pet deposits range from $300.00 to $500.00

Included utilities: Heat, Hot & Cold Water, Garbage

Rent control: Yes

Lease: Annual
RENTAL FEATURESSMOKE-FREE UNITS
Hardwood Floors Throughout
Period Features
New Kitchen, Custom Cabinetry and Granite Counters
High End Appliance Upgrades
Multi Custom-Cycle Dishwasher
Self-Cleaning Gas Range
Microwave
Undercounter Stainless Steel Sink and; Dual Spray Retractable Faucet
Large Walk In Closet
BUILDING AMENITIESSpanish Revival Architecture
Secure Entry System
On Site Laundry
Basement Garage
Elevator
Large Period Lobby
Landscaped Grounds

Beautifully remodeled large studio in a 1920's Spanish Revival Building in the Vista del Mar/Sutro Height Neighbor of the Outer Richmond has Spectacular Spanning Ocean Views.  On a clear day, you can see all the way down the coast line to Pedro Point, south of Pacifica.  This corner unit has a large kitchen with dishwasher, 5 burner range, microwave/hood/light, under-counter sink and under-cabinet lighting.  Must see it to really appreciate it.Built in 1925, El Prado is a Spanish revival beauty that boasts some of the most spectacular ocean views in the Lincoln Park area. The restored lobby entrance leads you to spacious units flooded with natural light from large floor to ceiling windows. Private entry room, large walk in closets, newly remodeled kitchens with separate dining area. This spacious studio features classic retro elegance, period fixtures and details with all the modern conveniences. And El Prado is a few blocks from so many things to do, especially if you like outdoors and the ocean. Trails to hike and bike just are just a short walk down to Lands End and Lincoln Parks. Play a few rounds at the Lincoln Park golf course, see the latest exhibit at the Legion of Honor. Of course, you can always take off your shoes down at the beach to walk along the shore and perhaps fly a kite. For your convenience, we provide an on-site laundry. We also feature indoor parking for an additional monthly rent, but we only have a limited number and they are currently occupied.

Date Posted: October 04, 2018 at 08:43
Price: $2400
Latitude: 37.779705
Longitude: -122.504057
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 600
