$1000 Reduced Rent @ $1,000 for Resident Manager of a Pac. Hts, Apt (pacific heights)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Seeking an intelligent, well-spoken, mature individual with tact, problem-solving skills and excellent communication skills with experience in or familiarity with apartment management to be the Resident Manager of an upscale 12-unit apartment building in Pacific Heights. This "at-will" position is tied to a one-bedroom apartment with reduced rent of $1,000/mo.  A trained dog may be permitted, but no cats.
The Resident Manager is to be the liaison with tenants, the eyes and ears of the property; collect rents; handle concerns, complaints and requests from tenants; explain and enforce building rules and procedures; coordinate tenant move-ins and move-outs with tenants and movers; serve as a concierge in assisting tenants; attend to orderliness of the building including lobby, halls, laundry room, garbage areas; deliver left packages; maintain lobby plants; sort and discard recyclables, compost and garbage; oversee building security systems; oversee janitorial workers and other jobbers for apartment repairs. Manager also does some maintenance duties, some requiring physical agility and strength, such as the ability to climb 4-flights of stairs in case of elevator malfunction and ability to climb a ladder to change hallway lightbulbs; handle other miscellaneous building and tenant services as directed by the owner. 
This is not a position for anyone with 9:00 to 5:00 employment elsewhere. It is suited for someone with part-time or flex-time employment or for a retired or semi-retired person. Though the Resident Manager need not be physically present at the building except for pre-set appointments and performance of duties described above, the Resident Manager must be reachable and on-call 24/7 to respond to the owner, tenants or jobbers for various scheduled or unexpected situations such as showing a vacant apartment on the weekends, urgent service calls, tenants who forget their keys and are locked out, or any other emergencies.  It is expected that the manager's actual time on the above duties and activities would rarely be more than 8 to 10 hours a week as standby and availability time is not considered "work" time.

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 09:21
Price: $1000
Latitude: 37.789743
Longitude: -122.427260
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: NA
