$3995 / 2br - 2BR 2BA Available Now! Cathedral Ceilings! Quiet! Large Study! (lower pac hts)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
This very large (12500sq/ft), bright and sunny two bedroom two bathroom apartment is available now.  
The building is only four years old and everything is in fabulous condition with a modern design inside and out. Copper shingles and steel panels adorn the front of the building and the huge round bay windows give the building a sleek, sophisticated look. 
The living/dining room is bright, open and inviting.  Gas-fired pot-belly stove provides ample heat and atmosphere. 
Huge kitchen is open to the dining area and living room. All the appliances are top of the line and are brand new. The counter tops are made of high quality Ceasarstone. The cabinets are made of maple and there are plenty of them allowing for lots of storage. The oven and stove-top are gas. 
The large master bedroom has a huge walk-in closet and en-suite bathroom. There are five closets throughout the apartment allowing for lots of storage. 
The master bathroom is en-suite with the bedroom. All the fixtures are new, the countertops are made of Ceasarstone, the large vanity cabinets are made of maple with large wall-mounted mirrors above. A half bath is just inside the front door. 
The building is centrally located in Lower Nob Hill right at the California St. cable-car terminus. It is close to the many Muni lines along Van Ness and Polk St. and the 1 California line to downtown and points west; the cable-car line is right in front of the building. Many fine restaurants along Polk St. are within one or two blocks, Whole Foods Market and other grocery stores are within 1 block. Parks in Pacific Heights are only a couple of blocks away. 
Very high-speed Ethernet/Internet services, DirecTV and Voice-over-IP telephone services are available. 
There are hardwood floors throughout the unit, mini-blinds on the many windows and vertical blinds on the sliding glass doors. 
Secure underground parking for one car is available for $250.00.
There is no storage in the building outside of the unit. 
<
No pets allowed. 
Laundry facilities located on each floor - coin-operated. 
Non-smokers only please. 
Call to make an appointment to view  show contact info
.

Date Posted: November 01, 2018 at 13:53
Price: $3995
Latitude: 37.802927
Longitude: -122.419797
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: NA
