$3100 / 1br - 420ft2 - Private Deck, Yard, Big Windows, WalkIn Closet, WiFi, W/D, Dog Lovers (pacific heights)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
***This is a real apartment available for rent. Not a scam. We own the apartment and the whole building. Looking for nice tenants. We can meet and show you the apartment.  It has come to my attention that some scammer has been copying my ads.  Please make sure you are dealing directly with me.  I never rent to someone that I haven't met or spoken with over the phone / skype.  If you aren't in the city, then let me know if you have someone local that I can meet.  The security deposit and first month's rent is due on the first day of the lease.  Anyone asking for large sums of money up front from you is probably a scammer.  Please be aware.***
Avail long or short term. One month minimum.
One Bedroom apartment with private entrance, deck and yard.   Queen bed and sofa that pulls out into full size bed.  Sleeps 4.
Fully furnished.  Commercial grade bamboo floors.  
LIVING ROOM:  Jennifer leather convertible sofa bed that pulls out into full size sofa bed.  Upgraded so very comfortable.  Large flat screen Smart TV.  Dining table and chairs.  Dresser.  Wall of windows.  Tons of light.  Cathedral ceilings.
KITCHEN:  Fully equipped for cooking including pots, pans, dishes, glasses, utensils, etc.  4 burner gas stove.  Stainless steel sink.  Fridge, Microwave, toaster, coffee maker, etc.
2 CLOSETS:  Large Walk-In closet off the bathroom.  And regular full size closet in Bedroom.  I think it is about 4 feet wide.
BEDROOM:  Queen bed.  Night stand.  Mirror.   Brand new flat screen Smart TV.  Much bigger than the one pictured.  We just upgraded it, but haven't photographed it yet.  Big window looking into backyard.
BATHROOM:  Glass vessel sink with waterfall faucet.  Shower stall.  Bamboo floors.  Window in bathroom.
Laundry on site.
Extra monthly charge for high speed wireless internet, satellite tv with DVR, and all utilities.  Security deposit required.
Some pets allowed depending upon size and breed.
If interested, then please email me.

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 08:54
Price: $3100
Latitude: 37.788159
Longitude: -122.432003
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 420
