$1400 / 2br - $1400 Private Room -  ALL UTILITIES & INTERNET INCLUDED (ingleside / SFSU / CCSF)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Hi, I'm currently offering a bedroom in a two-bedroom apartment that would be available on December 1st.
Unfurnished Bedroom
Bathroom with shower/bathtub combo
Spacious closet with top shelves
Cost: $1400 per month (all utilities and internet are included)
First month plus security deposit $2800 due at move in
Amenities:
Large living room available for use
Kitchen
Highest speed internet
Laundry room on site
Small fitness center on site
Independent grocery store, Wells Fargo, Papa Johns, a coffee shop and some other establishments located in the complex
Close to SFSU and Stonestown Shopping Center
Near Junipero Serra Blvd., 19th Ave., and Highway 280
Minutes away from Muni # 17, 28, 29 and Line M
About me:
I am an Architect graduated from UC Berkeley and work on a firm in downtown San Francisco. I consider myself a very creative and outgoing person. I like outdoor activities, I do sports at least 3 days per week the minimum. I was born in Peru and lived in San Francisco for over 11 years. I like cooking as much as explore trendy restaurant inside and outside the city.
About Judy:
A very friendly and smart software tech, who works at Microsoft. Currently studying Computer Science. She has been living in the apartment for almost a year and has been an exceptional experience to live with her.
Ideal Candidate(s):
1 or 2 people
In their 20s to 30s
Financially stable
Doesn't have pets
Non-smoker and abstains from drugs
Doesn't bring the party home
Considerate and respectful of housemates and the apartment
Able to participate in a cleaning schedule of common spaces
Can provide three consecutive months of proof of income (pay stubs or bank statements)
Can provide three references (two from most current and last landlord and one personal)
No background or credit check is required. Please no section 8. I am seeking someone to move in by on December 1st. If you are interested, please provide the following information about yourself:
Name(s)
Age(s)
Gender(s)
Occupation(s) and whether or not you work full or part time
Whether or not you are a student
Contact information
Any questions you may have
Serious inquires only please. Only applicants who answer the above questions will be considered. Thanks!

Date Posted: November 04, 2018 at 07:46
Price: $1400
Latitude: 37.715280
Longitude: -122.473279
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: NA
