$4450 / 3br - Near BART.  Sunny 3 Bedroom Top Floor w/laundry. Lots of Parking (glen park)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
⦁  No pets allowed/ No smoking in the apartment or building.
⦁  Located in most accessible part of Bernal Heights in front of a greenbelt area (No houses across from you). 
⦁ Perfect for work commuters
⦁ Bernal Heights park. The namesake of the neighborhood and one of the best 360 views in the city. 
⦁ Call  show contact info
. Please leave a message to schedule a viewing.
⦁  Rent $4450. 
⦁  Deposit - $3500      
⦁  Newly renovated 3 Bedrooms, 1.5 bath with lots parking and public transportation. 
⦁  Sunny and Bright. Natural lights with skylights.
⦁  Fast and Easy freeway access to 101 and 280, North and South few blocks away. (Straight down the street)
⦁  One of the most easy commutes to in San Francisco. SOMA and financial district are only 10 minutes away by BART
⦁  Drive to South Bay or East Bay without having to deal with the hectic traffic of downtown San Francisco
⦁  Minutes from GLEN PARK BART, Muni, and tech shuttles.
⦁  Abundant free street parking. No parking permit required.
⦁ Hip and happening Cortland Street less than two blocks away with lots of restaurants, health food, stores, cafes, shops  
⦁  Near public libraries, parks( Holly Park and Saint Marys Park), and farmers markets.
⦁	Three very large bedrooms for San Francisco / 1.5 bath
⦁	Quartz countertops. Lots of cabinet and pantry space
⦁	Spacious Walk In Closet 
⦁	Working Wood Fireplace
⦁	Extremely large kitchen with Microwave, 
⦁	Sliding door wall length mirrors with closets
⦁	Freshly painted. Audio intercom system for buzzer.
⦁	Includes in unit washer and dryer , with lots of shelf space, 
⦁      Dishwasher, and stainless steel fridge 
⦁	Balcony, skylights, Lots of windows for ample sunlight.
⦁	Landlord pays garbage
⦁	Call  show contact info
. Please leave a message to schedule a viewing.

Date Posted: November 02, 2018 at 23:06
Price: $4450
Latitude: 37.735121
Longitude: -122.421556
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: NA
