$1550 $1550 Bedroom In Beautiful Presidio Neighborhood (laurel hts / presidio)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
One space has opened up in our beautiful 4-bedroom apartment. It's the downstairs bedroom with two windows that stream in lots of natural light next to the Presidio golf course. Comes with 2 closets right outside the room, one closet inside your room, and your own bathroom. We have a washer/dryer in the house, dishwasher in the kitchen, large living room / dining area, and a nice backyard backing onto the Presidio woods. This is an amazing deal! 
You'd join 3 other guys. All in their from mid to late twenties. We are all friends and like to keep the place clean. We're looking for someone who can mesh well with our group. 
- Working in medical sales industry. Big runner and former collegiate soccer player whose from the Midwest and a Tom Petty fan. 
- Also working in medical sales. Former D1 swimmer, an active long-distance runner, surfer, and lover of the outdoors. Also very active and works hard during the week.
- Working as a software engineer. Loves the outdoors, camping, skiing and works remotely so is usually working from home 2-3 days/week.
- A sweet but energetic 90-lb silver labrador retriever. Will always greet you happily when you come home. 
What we're looking for:
A clean, friendly roommate who can vibe well with the group. Preferably someone who stays active and wants to hang sometimes, not always keep to themselves. Utilities and internet not included (usually average to about $80-100/mth).
Location:
Apartment is in the East Washington neighborhood of the Presidio. Close the golf course and a very family friendly, clean area. 
The room can come furnished if you'd like (I'm happy to sell my bed, desk, chair, couch, drawers, etc.) to you, or happy to also come unfurnished. 
If you're interested, please email us your Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn links, a little bit about yourself and times you're available to see the space.

Date Posted: November 01, 2018 at 20:55
Price: $1550
Latitude: 37.796013
Longitude: -122.466573
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: NA
