$3725 / 1br - 650ft2 - Iconic Nob Hill Tower|Amazing Views!|TXT Melody$1500 SD|GORGEOUS!| (nob hill)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
TEXT/CALL Melody Simpson @ show contact info
 OR go to www.pradorents-melody.com to schedule an appointment today!
$1500 Security Deposit Special 
Units are unfurnished - photos with furnishings are for inspiration only.
To Request a showing please GO TO:  www.pradorents-melody.com and view all Prado Units available!
Amenities:
Community Amenities:
Availability 24 Hours
Concierge
Controlled Access/Gated
Door Attendant
Elevator
Fitness Center
Free Weights
Garage
Laundry Facilities
On-Site Maintenance
On-Site Management
Package Receiving
Recreation Room
Sauna
Short Term Lease
Sundeck
Apartment Amenities
Cable Ready
Dishwasher
Efficient Appliances
Hardwood Floors
Large Closets
Microwave
Patio/Balcony
Refrigerator
View
Window Coverings
Pet Policy
Pets - allowed
Cats - allowed
Dogs - allowed
WELCOME TO NOB HILL TOWER:
1221 Jones defines the life of luxury. Also known as Nob Hill Tower, this incredible building is an architectural gem resting on the city hilltops in the heart of the sophisticated Nob Hill neighborhood, offering majestic views of the San Francisco Bay and the downtown urban landscape. Here, you will discover a bounty of haute cuisine, chic boutiques, and swanky lounges decorating immaculate streets. Our community is bordered by charming Russian Hill and lively North Beach, where the glitz and glam nightspots and bars are lively, and the dining and shopping is fabulous and abundant. Listen for the sound of nearby cable cars that can whisk you to the Financial District or Fisherman Wharf. This is the definition of San Francisco living.
1221 Jones offers a slice of San Francisco exquisite lifestyle in the city  most polished neighborhood. Contact us and see for yourself. Our full-service staff can help make your moving process as easy as possible.
Please NOTE: Units move FAST! We do our best to keep up with the ever changing availability. Sometimes, photos may be of a similar unit and pricing can change without notice. Pricing and Availability will be confirmed with Melody at time of tour. Thank you!

Date Posted: October 10, 2018 at 10:05
Price: $3725
Latitude: 37.787664
Longitude: -122.413354
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 650
