$3375 / 1br - 2590 Greenwich St #10, San Francisco (marina / cow hollow)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Nice and Spacious Top Floor Apt in Cow Hollow with Views of Golden Gate Bridge and Marina's Waterline!
KEY FEATURES
Bedrooms: 1 BR
Bathrooms: 1BA
Parking: Garage Parking Space
Lease Duration: 1 Year (See Details Below)
Pets Policy: No Pets Please
Laundry: In Building
DESCRIPTION
Bright and spacious 1BR 1BA top floor apt in Cow Hollow/Marina District. Located in well-maintained 12-unit building. Recently remodeled small kitchen space with nicely tiled countertops, great cabinet space, electric stove/oven, refrigerator, and sink. Good sized dining area next to kitchen space. Beautiful Parquet-style hardwood floors throughout the unit. Large living room with panoramic views of Palace of Fine Arts and Golden Gate Bridge. Bedroom is also of large size with great closet space and nice views. Double-pane windows, and lots of natural light in apt as well. Great closet/storage space throughout. Updated bathroom that has been nicely tiled with all new fixtures. Shared coin laundry room. One parking space is available. Apt is conveniently located near Lombard St, easy access to the city of SF. Golden Gate Bridge, Crissy Field, and Park Presidio close by. Marina Green and Fort Mason are nearby. Chestnut St restaurants, shops, and banks are few blocks away. Union St shops and restaurants also near. Safeway and Trader Joes grocery markets are short drive. CPMC Buchanan Campus and UCSF Mt Zion Hospitals within 1 mile.
To schedule a showing, please contact Grace Li at  show contact info
.
___ To find out more about our listings, feel free to give us a call/email or visit us @ www.SaxeRealEstate.com.
RENTAL FEATURES
Spacious Unit
Remodeled Kitchen
Nicely Tiled Countertops
Spacious Wooden Cabinets
Electric Stove/Oven
Refrigerator
Sink
Dining Area off Kitchen
Large Living Room with Views
Beautiful Parquet Hardwood Floors Throughout
Large Bedroom with Views
Lots of Closet Space
Updated Bathroom with All New Fixtures
Double-pane Windows and Natural Light Throughout
Shared Coin Laundry Room
One Assigned Garage Parking Space
COMMUNITY FEATURES
Located in Cow Hollow/Marina District
Chestnut St shops, restaurants, and banks are close by
Union St shops and restaurants also near
Crissy Field, Park Presidio, Marina Green, and Fort Mason are of short distance
Safeway and Trader Joes Grocery Stores are near by
SF Muni Lines (43,22, 30, 45 and 24 Lines) within short distance
Easy Freeway Access to 101/280, 19th Ave and Golden Gate Bridge
CPMC Buchanan Campus and UCSF Mt Zion Hospitals within 1 mile
LEASE TERMS
Owner pays Water and Garbage. Tenant pays PG&E. Must have good credit, and 3x rent income. 1 yr lease minimum. No Pets and No Smoking Please. 
Grace Li
Saxe Real Estate Management Services, Inc. 
Office:  show contact info
 | Cell:  show contact info

1999 Van Ness Avenue
San Francisco CA 94109show contact info

Date Posted: October 08, 2018 at 16:34
Price: $3375
Latitude: 37.798286
Longitude: -122.442209
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
