$4348 / 575ft2 - Caesarstone Countertops, Keyless Entry System, Retail On Site (alamo square / nopa)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
No Growling About It - You'll Love It Here. With a New Angle on Urban Luxe, Duboce offers San Francisco Boutique-Style Living Call Now:  show contact info
 x 80OR Text 80 to  show contact info
 to text our leasing team.Duboce 181 Sanchez St., San Francisco, CA, 94114Interested in more information? Visit link below:http://cl.greystar.com/284n74 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 575 Sq. Ft.  The Duboce Triangle is a vibrant and highly-desirable neighborhood infused with color and culture. Duboce is a boutique-style apartment community that blends high style with urban luxury. While our location is distinctly tranquil, the bustling nightlife and remarkable shopping selection of the Castro and the Mission are mere steps away.Embracing an urban retro aesthetic, Duboce provides stellar community features, remarkable amenities and pet-friendly living options. From our polished porcelain tile flooring and dual-tone cabinets to our beautiful subway tile backsplashes and Caesarstone quartz countertops, Duboce offers classic living and will quickly become your happy place. Perfect for entertaining friends and family, each apartment home provides staple items for a fun, yet functional space that will enhance your living experience.With one- and two-bedroom apartment rentals and a variety of floor plans, Duboce is ideal for those seeking a walkable home life and an effortless commute. Whether enjoying a BBQ with friends and family or soaking up the sun on our expansive roof deck, residents at Duboce enjoy exciting features that allow them to feel connected and comfortable. Features - Under-Mounted Lighting  - Caesarstone Countertops  - Keyless Entry System  - Front-Loading Washer and Dryer  - Plank and Large Porcelain Tile Flooring  - Ceramic Backsplash  - Under-Mounted Stainless Steel Sinks  - High Speed Fiber  - Dual-Tone Cabinets Community Amenities - Pet Friendly  - Expansive Roof Deck with Spa  - Gated Underground Parking  - 24/7 Online Resident Services  - Multiple Technology Bus Stops Within Walking Distance  - Dry Cleaning Delivery System  - Sundeck, BBQ and Fire Pit Areas  - Apartment Views of Quiet Interior Courtyard  - Zipcar On Site  - Retail On Site  - Multi-functional Lobby and Conference Areas  - Self-Service Package Delivery System Office Hours Mon - Sat 9:00am to 6:00pmSun Closed Equal Housing Opportunity bNWWg4Nnifhy

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 10:24
Price: $4348
Latitude: 37.748362
Longitude: -122.429346
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: 575
