$3695 / 2br - 990ft2 - Luxury Diamond Heights Village 2br 1Ba Corner Unit W/Parking (twin peaks / diamond hts)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
For lease is a large 2 bedroom 1 Bath luxury condominium located in Diamond Heights Village San Francisco. Private,serene 2nd floor corner unit with covered, gated garage parking for 1 car. Elevator in building.Unit has been completed updated, modernized. Gourmet kitchen with beautiful cherry cabinets, granite counters, stainless steel professional appliances (Viking,Bosch). Custom built-ins, pantry and wet bar. 
Bathroom includes an amazing shower system. Refresh yourself every day with a rain shower head and 4 body jets. Bathroom also features heated tile floors. Master bedroom with walk in cedar lined closet with custom built in closet organizers. 
Laundry in building-prepaid smart card access with no quarters needed! 
Included in monthly rent is unlimited usage of Diamond Heights Village amenities: year round heated pool, spa, jacuzzi, gym (cardio and weight rooms), billiards room and library.
 Professional on site management offers package concierge service for residents during office hours, . Diamond Heights Village has beautifully maintained grounds, which makes for quiet peaceful living environment right in the heart of the city. 
Condo is 2 blocks walking distance to Diamond Heights shopping center featuring a 24 hour Safeway with Starbucks inside, Walgreens, Bank of America, and the Post office. Transportation is a breeze with several bus lines within 1-2 blocks.  Glen Park BART and Muni Forest Hill Station are mere minutes away to downtown and Tech Busses at Glen Park station. Its a 5 minute drive to Highways 280 & 101. UCSF, SFSU, and CCSF are closeby.
Diamond heights is minutes away from Noe Valley, the Castro, downtown, the beach, and just about anywhere in the city. Living in the center of the city is every so convenient!! 
Lease term is for 1 year with the option of going month to month after lease expiration. Unit will be available November 24, 2018.
Showing by appointment only with 24 hour advanced notice.
Specifics
2 BR 1 Bath
One Car Gated Parking with ample,unlimited street parking in neighborhood
Hot Water & Garbage Included
Tenant pays PG&E only
Elevator,Laundry in building 
Heated Pool Year Round
Indoor Sauna & Hot Tub
Onsite Fitness Center
No Pets
No Smoking
No Subletting

Date Posted: November 02, 2018 at 19:04
Price: $3695
Latitude: 37.745641
Longitude: -122.443389
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 990
