$2050 SPACIOUS Studio, Priv entry, Grd floor, hrdwood, quiet, open layout (nob hill)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
SPACIOUS Studio, Separate entrance, Ground floor, hardwood, quiet, open layout
** Beautiful corner building on Pine and Leavenworth
*** $2,050 /month Available for Immediate Occupancy Now****
Shown by appointment ONLY
Please send us email  for appointment to view this beautiful apartment.
Please use the following link to find a few photos of the apartment which will help with the description below :
https://photos.google.com/share/AF1QipOylzfbQWBkovq039YfPM8HAcppXhGmDXrjw9uMJNGZadunKo-Dnxeer0AdNyfdFw?key=YmpHV3oya0dFZk9mMFJJQUE4OTVSYjYybEJEakt3
ABOUT THE BUILDING : 
We have an absolutely beautiful Lobby Entrance with Security Gate and Modern Intercom with a GRAND Oval Spiral staircase and a 3rd floor stained glass skylight. This Studio has a separate and secure entrance on the Northwest side of the building (please see photo album)
A LOT MORE ABOUT THIS GROUND FLOOR TOWNHOME-LIKE APARTMENT : 
This corner building is located on the North-West side of Pine and Leavenworth Street. Lets walk West on Pine Street (towards Hyde St). We will walk past the main entrance iron gate, and towards the gorgeous iron gate enclosing the driveway. Open the secure gate, and walk about 20 feet to a separate iron gate, where there are two apartments. The unit for rent is the one to your Left (please refer to the photos link above).
As you open the front door and you will be greeted by a gorgeous old-style inlaid shiny newly sanded and stained hardwood floor that reflects light from the two LARGE windows on the West-side of the apartment that have very fancy  bi-directional (pull from top for privacy, or pull from bottom) LEVOLOR blinds.
There is a lot of indirect sunlight that brings a very warm tone to the dual-tone freshly painted walls and ceilings. The living area is warmly lit with NEW ceiling chandelier-style lights, and past tenants have used this large open space and creatively designed a combination bedroom/living room here. To your RIGHT is a large open closet with lots of built-in shelves !
As you are standing in the bedroom/living room to your immediate LEFT is the NEWLY REMODELED  KITCHEN : rich dark granite counter tops, beautiful  wood cabinets throughout, faucet,  DISHWASHER, New GAS STOVE and  refrigerator. Double-paned window in the kitchen (quiet and insulated), and NEW light fixtures. Wood flooring and LOTS of individualized shelf spaces throughout for the Trader Joe or Costco things !
Now let's move towards the middle right side of the open bedroom/living room and just past the very spacious closet, and you are directly in front of the newly remodeled bathroom with w large mirrored medicine cabinet, and very nicely lit shower stall.
There is a central heat radiator in the living area. Internet and TV Cable wired; tenant pays subscription. 
Utilities: Included in Rent are Heat, Hot and Cold water and garbage. PG&E to be paid by tenant.
Where are your mailboxes ? Great question. The USPS delivers all mail to the mailboxes located within the iron gate area of the main entrance. You will have your own keyed mailbox, and this is generally where most other delivery packages are placed (unless you provide specific instructions to UPS, FedEx, etc.). Your key to the iron gate of the main entrance will also open the main entrance door, where you will see our spiral Grand Oval staircase and the gorgeous Victorian stucco work.
No Laundry in the building, but several Laundromats and dry cleaners within a few steps.
Please send us email for appointment to view this beautiful apartment.
A LITTLE ABOUT THE LOCATION : 
This beautiful building is one block from the California Street buses and Cable car line. We are only 2 Blocks to the Polk and Van Ness corridor restaurants, bars, clubs, and business. TRADER JOE'S (Yes !) around the block on Hyde St. And of course, we are only few blocks from Grace Cathedral, Huntington Park, and the major Nob Hill Hotels such as Fairmont, Ritz Carlton, Mark Hopkins. Chinatown, Financial District, Ferry Building, Union Square are close and within walking distance.
NOW LET ME TELL YOU ABOUT PARKING : 
We don't have parking in the building. For those of you who are new, the City will issue a C-permit with your lease agreement which lets you bypass the 2 hour limit signs (exception of Street Cleaning days/times and No Parking Any Time). Developing good parking karma will happen with time, patience, and experience (watching Kung Fu Panda part 1 will help). For anyone with expensive cars or working variable hours, there is paid public parking next door. There are also several parking garages within 1 to 2 blocks.
A LITTLE ABOUT YOURSELF : We LOVE interesting people with wonderful life stories. Please be a NON-smoker with a stable job, good income, good credit, good references, good rental history with No Evictions. We have our own application process and there is a $30 fee per applicant . This apartment is most suitable for One ( or 2 persons, if you have a wonderful roommate; he/she will also need to complete a separate application, as mentioned above.
** Please email us  to schedule appointment

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 12:19
Price: $2050
Latitude: 37.790254
Longitude: -122.415559
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
