$8575 / 3br - 1692ft2 - HURRY UP~ DON'T MISS OUT~AMAZING 3 BEDROOM AT 38 DOLORES - COMING SOON (castro / upper market)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
About the unit
-Spacious open floor plan with dramatic views 
-Tons of natural light
-Washer & Dryer in unit
-Ample storage
-Very insulated quiet inside
-Pet's OK
-Parking subject to availability  - additional fees apply
About the Vibe at 38 Dolores
Sprout Herb Garden
Open spaces for soothing the soul and natural landscaping to pleasure the palette, you'll be engaged in social well-being and culinary creation. It's the perfect utilization of common space - as you select your menagerie of tastes from the garden, you'll be meeting new guests for your next dinner party.
Whole Foods Market
On site and at your convenience, Whole Foods Market is your second fridge for late night hunger pains or weekend picnics. Dedicated to organic sustainable food, Whole Foods Market supplies the highest quality, most wholesome foods available.
Shareport
38 Dolores is located where your feet, bike, or a bus can get you where you want to go. But it also provides the option to hop in a car when you really need one. Via its partnership with City CarShare, you'll have easy access to over 20 different vehicle models. You'll be part of the movement choosing people, neighborhoods, and community over cars. And save money along the way.
Wheelhouse
Ready to jump on your bike for a day of riding, but forgot your sunglasses up in the apartment? No worries. There's plenty of designated, convenient, safe bike parking for a quick lock up or an extended stay. A bike barracks to store and secure your 2-wheeler as well as a DIY shop supplied with the necessary tools to repair, replace or upgrade components. Locking installations provide safeguards as well as plenty of room to prevent tangling with other bikes.
Storage
Don't want to part with your collection of rock concert t-shirts? Need to keep a spare air mattress for friends who have too great of a time visiting you and can't stop? No problem. There's plenty of extra storage space for keepsakes as well as provisions.
Beyond Green Eco Living
Holistic framework, infrastructure, and enhancements to optimize sustainable and green living. LEED® Gold and SITES™ certified.
Butterfly Habitat
A spectrum of blue, a fade of orange, and a patchwork of red, the Mission Blue, San Bruno Elfin, and Bay Checkerspot butterflies are protected and nurtured at their habitat. The habitat is a living representation of the sustainable life-cycle at the core of 38 Dolores' philosophy.
Reside
Walking through the front doors of 38 Dolores is entry into a sanctuary of 21st Century living. Its fusion of design, art, and technology is a respite from urban clamor and an awakening to what can be done next.
Lounge 38
When there's not enough counter space or chairs at home, the community room at 38 Dolores is your go-to relocation spot. Its state-of-the-art entertainment system, chef's kitchen, and gathering table for 12 ensure a lively social experience.
Outdoor Living Room with Fire Pit
Get comfortable and cozy around the warmth and enchantment of the fire pit. Gather with friends to talk about the day's activities or the nation's obstacles. Better yet, engage in a competitive game of charades.
Spark
Grab your "Kiss the Chef" apron and favorite spices to grill up delicious bites on the BBQ. If you're any good­-and we're sure you are­-you'll have more new friends at 38 Dolores than you have condiments.
A fusion of enlightened spaces and sensory responsibility, the mixed-use materials and features at 38 Dolores ensure a more efficient use of resources and a less invasive impact on the environment. From harvesting rainwater to employing solar thermal technology, to creating a habitat for endangered butterflies, 38 Dolores is a sanctuary for a green positive lifestyle.
A late night at work or friends visiting for the weekend, you'll be prepared with the ultimate convenience of in-house Whole Foods Market supplying the vital vittles.
Whole Foods Market is the nation's leading grocery chain dedicated to organic sustainable food. The company's mission is to promote the vitality and well-being of all individuals by supplying the highest quality, most wholesome foods available. Whole Food Market's core mission is devoted to the promotion of organically grown foods, food safety concerns, and the sustainability of the entire ecosystem.
A FEW TOP PICS IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD
FourBarrel Coffee
Jolt your morning with a propulsive espresso at this favorite neighborhood cafe.
Tartine
Indulge in the best bread pudding in the city.
BellJar
Linger around the flowering frocks, gifts for the home, and jewelry by local artisans.
Dolores Park
Repose & people watch or suit up and play ball at San Francisco's premiere destination.
Lolinda
Take sumptuous delight in Choripan and Lubina a la Plancha paired with a robust Malbec.
Castro Theater
Let the splendor of celluloid light up your face with a film noir or a film festival at this historic landmark.
Delfina
Have a slice of 4 Formaggi pizza to cap the night.
Aardvark Books
A one stop shop, for a little light reading, finding that perfect coffee table book or your favorite page-turner.

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 11:17
Price: $8575
Latitude: 37.762682
Longitude: -122.425268
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1692
