$1915 Yor New Home Awaits! (North Park Apartments)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
North Park Apartments is located in one of the most desired areas, Chevy Chase, MD. The neighborhood is on the Maryland/Washington DC border in the Village of Friendship Heights.  Our community reflects a park like essence on the outskirts of the busy Washington DC metropolitan area and walking distance to the most exclusive retail and dining, such as Clyde's, Lia's, The Capital Grille, Brooks Brothers, Neiman Marcus, Tiffany's, Bloomingdale's, Christian Dior and Saks Fifth Avenue. Friendship Heights Village maintains a unique close-knit community which provides several programs and activities such as The Taste of Friendship Heights, complimentary shuttle service, and Farmers Markets every Sunday.  Nearby landmarks include the National Mall, Capital Crescent Trail, National Institute of Health, Friendship Heights Metro, Washington National Cathedral, American University, Renaissance of Fine Arts, Woodrow Wilson House, Nationals Ball Park, and most importantly the White House.  
The 16 story luxury community offers spacious one and two bedroom apartment homes, totaling 310 market rate apartment homes.  The community was built in 1973 and includes a four level garage with 344 parking spaces, nine storage areas, a rooftop pool, 24 hour fitness center, bike storage, business center, indoor sauna, guest suite and a beautiful marble lobby.
Standard features in the apartment homes include balconies or patios, parquet flooring, stunning views, ample closet space, and individually controlled heat and AC.  Some additional features in selected apartment homes include 6" baseboards, crown molding, stainless steel appliances, and tile flooring in the kitchen and bathroom. Approximately 17% of our community has been renovated with granite countertops and cherry oak cabinetry. (54 fully upgraded out of 310 units) 
North Park Leasing Special: We are waiving all move-in fees - Move in by October 31, 2018 and Save, $50.00 on application fee/s and $300.00 amenity fee.

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 08:38
Price: $1915
Latitude: 38.978000
Longitude: -77.082000
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: NA
