$7000 / 2br - 1390ft2 - #219 Furnished ONLY2 bdrm  Russian Hill / North Beach Elegant Furnised (russian hill)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
#219 2 Bedroom 2 Bathroom plus Study
This beautiful and spacious recently remodeled 2 bedroom/2 bathroom full floor flat is in a classic San Francisco Edwardian ideally located on the North Beach side of Russian Hill.   Elegant and light filled, this top floor unit enjoys views of Coit Tower, Telegraph Hill, Embarcadero Center and the Financial District.  Watch the cable cars climb halfway to the stars and the lights of Embarcadero Center, Coit Tower and the spires of St. Peter and Paul's on Washington Square sparkle in the evenings!
ABOUT THE NEIGHBORHOOD
Russian Hill / North Beach Nestled on the North Beach side of Russian Hill, this is a beautiful property in a perfect location!   The neighborhood has a wealth of cafes, lively bars and highly rated restaurants.  Washington Square with St. Peter and Paul's Church is just one block away.  San Francisco's financial district and Embarcadero Center as well as sites such as bustling Chinatown, Fisherman's Wharf and the crooked block of Lombard Street are all within walking distance.
FEATURES: Available FULLY FURNISHED and EQUIPPED ONLY, Please no inquiries for unfurnished. 
    Coffemaker
    Microwave
    Dishwasher
    Washer/Dryer: in unit
    Unit accommodates: 4
    Wireless Internet
    Granite counter tops
    flat screen TV and VCR
    Beautiful hardwood floors throughout
    Bed sizes: Queen
    2 Full Bathrooms
    Study with views
    Lovely and light living room
    View towards downtown, Coit Tower and Telegraph Hill
    TV with extended cable
    Internet
    Water, garbage
    PGE cap up to $75 a month, once a month housekeeping
For more information please contact us  show contact info
 or visit our website at International Executive Rentals and request property #219.

Date Posted: October 10, 2018 at 22:44
Price: $7000
Latitude: 37.800032
Longitude: -122.412471
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1390
