$3695 / 1br - 370 Upper Terrace #7, San Francisco (cole valley / ashbury hts)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Wonderful Deluxe 1 BR Apt in Ashbury Heights/Cole Valley with Panoramic Views!
Bedrooms: 1 BR
Bathrooms: 1 BA
Parking: 1 Assigned Garage Space(additional $350/month)
Lease Duration: Minimum 1 Year
Pets Policy: Small Dog OK
Laundry: In-Unit
Property Type: Apartment
DESCRIPTION
Very nice end of Upper Terrace, this 1BR 1 BA apt is located within a beautiful 1928 vintage and well-maintained 10 unit building. Located in Ashbury Heights/Cole Valley District, apartment is on the 2nd floor and has amazing views of the bay and city. Updated gourmet kitchen with granite countertops and stainless steel appliances, i.e. gas stove/oven, double-door refrigerator, microwave and sink. Nice hardwood floors throughout. Living room with fireplace and great views of the city. Good storage/closet space as well, with bookcases with storage closets behind them. Bedroom is of good size with closet space. Nice full-sized bathroom with tub. Washer and Dryer in unit. One garage parking space available for additional $350/month. Wonderful shared roof deck with really nice panoramic views of the city, ocean and bay. Close to Golden Gate Park and Haight St shoppes and restaurants. Cole St shoppes, restaurants and cafes also close by. Whole Foods, Target, and Trader Joes are near. UCSF Parnassus, St Marys, and CPMC Davies Hospitals all within 1 mile. Small dog  is OK. Unit will be available first week of November 2018.
Please contact Mary Murphy to schedule a showing  show contact info
.
RENTAL FEATURES
Updated Unit
Stainless Steel Appliances
Gas Stove and Oven
Double-Door Refrigerator
Microwave
Sink
Hardwood Floors Throughout
Living Room with City Views
Good-sized Bedroom
Nice Full-Sized Bathroom
Washer and Dryer In-Unit
Views of the City and Water from the Living and Bedrooms
Shared Roof Deck Patio with Panoramic Views of the City as well
Assigned Garage Space Available
COMMUNITY FEATURES
Located in Ashbury Heights/Cole Valley District
Close to Haight St shoppes, restaurants, and cafes
Golden Gate Park also nearby
Cole St shoppes, restaurants and cafes within close distance
SF Muni and Street Car Lines close by
Whole Foods, Target, and Trader Joes within close driving distance
St Marys and CMPC Davies Hospital also nearby
LEASE TERMS
Owner pays Water and Garbage. Tenant pays PG&E and other services incurred. Must have good credit and 3x rent income. 1 yr lease minimum. No Smoking. Small Dog OK.
Contact info:
Mary Murphy
Cell:  show contact info

Office:  show contact info
 |  show contact info

Le Steven Zhang Realty
1999 Van Ness Avenue
San Francisco CA 94109

Date Posted: October 30, 2018 at 15:29
Price: $3695
Latitude: 37.762600
Longitude: -122.445746
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
