$4050 / 2br - Charming and Classic 2BR Apt in Sunny Noe Valley! (noe valley)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
The secret's out!  Tucked away on Alvarado, between Valencia and Guerrero, this really sweet 2BR, 1BA apartment gets a lot of wonderful sunshine, has tall ceilings and windows, and is conveniently located on the trendy border between Noe Valley and the Mission District.  The living room has beautiful Bay windows and a gorgeous, decorative stone fireplace. There are classic built-in cabinets in the hallway, and also a beautiful built in hutch in one of the bedrooms.  The kitchen has just been remodeled with all new appliances, such as a large refrig, great gas stove, dishwasher and a lovely tiled floor. The all new stainless steel sink area has black granite counters that give an elegant touch and the tile backsplashes are fully extended to make cleanup around the counters, sink and stove a breeze. Nice new cabinets await the busy cook. Off the kitchen is a utility room with a sink and shelves for use as a pantry or storage area.  Both bedrooms are good-sized and have closets as does the living room, so you can decide who sleeps where!  The living room closes off from one of the bedrooms with beautiful French doors. The newly tiled bathroom is spacious and bright with a stall shower and cabinets to help you store your stuff.  There is new tile in the kitchen and utility room and carpet in the living room and bedrooms.  
Fantastic neighborhood!  ½ block away is a laundromat, corner store, pizza place, charming café and lots of restaurants.  4 blocks to beautiful Dolores Park.  Landlord pays water and garbage.  Street parking and close to public transportation, BART, the J Church line, and many bus lines.  Sorry no pets or smokers.  I included some pix of the fun and vibrant neighborhood!  Come make this San Francisco gem your new home!

Date Posted: October 30, 2018 at 20:51
Price: $4050
Latitude: 37.754375
Longitude: -122.423062
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
