$1350 / 3br - Private bedroom + bathroom in 3BD/2BA SOMA apt (SOMA / south beach)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Two of my roommates are moving out in November, so I'm looking for a couple new ones to replace them.
About the apartment:
It's a 3BD/2BA place around 8th and Howard, pretty close to public transit and a grocery store. There's a washer / dryer as well as additional storage in the basement, and the apartment has central heat, a patio out back, and standard stuff like a dishwasher, garbage disposal, etc. The common areas are furnished, but the rooms themselves will not be.
About the rooms for rent:
1) The master suite ($1350) -- has its own attached bathroom and is by the back of the apartment.
2) Large room with bay windows ($1350) -- huge room with lots of light, shares a bathroom with my room but you could effectively consider it a private bathroom since I'll rarely be around (typically only a few weeks each year)
About me:
I'm a guy in my late twenties working as a software engineer at a startup downtown. I'm pretty laid back overall and enjoy hanging out with friends, exploring new restaurants (and boba shops), playing tennis, and playing board games. You probably won't see me much around the apartment since I usually live at my girlfriend's place (so I'll only be around for a few weeks each year).
About you:
I'm looking for a working professional who's clean, considerate, a non-smoker, and isn't looking to throw huge parties all the time. No gender preference, but I would prefer someone who's somewhat closer in age to me (20s-30s).
Logistics:
The monthly rent for either room would be $1350 + utilities (typically ~$50/month for electricity, water, trash, and internet), and the security deposit is $1100. No pets please, and preferably no couples either, though we could potentially work something out with rent. Move-in date November 1.
If you made it this far and you're interested in the room, please send me an email with a little bit about yourself and your FB / LinkedIn profile, and we can set up a time for you to take a look at the place. Please include the text [Sumner] in your email subject so it's easier for me to filter. Thanks!

Date Posted: October 08, 2018 at 11:02
Price: $1350
Latitude: 37.776176
Longitude: -122.410442
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: NA
