$8495 / 3br - View ! @Lafayette Prk. Elevtr. Stainless kitchen. W/D. parking. A+loca (pacific heights)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Beautiful, elegant, updated building with AAA LOCATION !!!
Unusual tropical, secure,  gated entry.
Across the street from Lafayette Park. Unique and inviting, tropical, atrium, gated entry garden.
Newly re-designed and renovated huge park with large playground, tennis courts; grass areas for picnics!
Great views and clean air.
Fantastic WALKABILITY: Walk to upper Fillmore Street. Loaded with boutiques, coffee houses, hip restaurants; catch a movie at the Clay or Kabuki theatre;
WHOLE FOODS, MOLLIE STONES MARKETS an easy walk. 
3 blocks to Alta Plaza park. 
City buses as well as Silicon Valley shuttles and Chariots with a few minutes walk. 
Walker's paradise! 
Quiet, very LARGE 3 bedroom apartment + Sunroom (atrium) and huge west VIEW includes Golden Gate Bridge, 
            Alcatraz, The Bay and Tamalpais 
Very spacious living room opens to the formal dining room
Wood burning FIREPLACE 
Sunny, warm, ATRIUM with SPECTACULAR VIEW OF GG BRIDGE AND THE BAY. 
Chef's kitchen featuring white, custom-made cabinets, stainless steel, high end, professional VIKING GAS stove 
En suite WASHER/DRYER
Kitchen opens up to a very large formal, VIEW, dining room. 
Excellent flow of living room, dining room and kitchen makes entertaining easy. Open floorplan
Hardwood parquet floors in pristine shape throughout. 
Master bedroom with its own en-suite, stylish, Art Deco, tiled bathroom features bathtub and stall shower.
Guest bathroom opens  to a charming powder room. 
Both second and third bedrooms are well separated allowing privacy and quiet.
Several walk-in closets. 
High ceilings, crown moldings and Art Deco, well preserved details make this apartment a real gem. 
2 elevators. 
Parking available in building's garage for $295. Other parking options as well.... please ask us.
Laundry Locker service at the building.  (Pick up and next day deliver of wash /fold and dry cleaning)!
Heat, water, garbage included in rent. One year lease required. Cats welcome. Small dog, (max 20 lbs) OK
Cable and internet ready. On-site manager and Bldg. super.
NO FEE
If interested, please call Mariola at  show contact info

Date Posted: October 27, 2018 at 09:39
Price: $8495
Latitude: 37.791644
Longitude: -122.429331
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: NA
