$3250 / 1br - Top Floor Sunny 1bd hardwood,spacious rooms. Convert to 2bd (nob hill)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        

		
Listing ID: #2898Location: Clay and LeavenworthFacts: 1 bed, 1 bath, 800 sqft

This top floor apartment is located near the top of Nob Hill on Clay between Hyde and Leavenworth. It features beautiful hardwood floors. Can be converted to have 2 private bedrooms(converted living room), with large closets in each room. Both rooms are very good sized. There is no separate living room in this configuration, but the kitchen is eat-in and has room for a table. Kitchen has granite countertops and stainless dishwasher. Unit is extremely quiet and very sunny. Has a partial view of Twin Peaks and Pacific Heights. Also features high ceilings and all tile bathroom with tub/shower. A great value for those looking to live in the center of San Francisco and who are cost conscious. Everything is within walking distance. Downtown,Chinatown,Northbeach, Fisherman's Wharf, and Polk Street Area are all within a 5-10 minute walk. Close to many public transportation options (multiple bus lines and cable cars). Located in an attractive Marina Styled apartment complex of 15 units. Laundry facilities on site. There is also a small garden which all tenants have access to. Available approximately 11/1/18. Photos are of Actual unit. Cats ok.
Utilities include heat, water and garbage. This unit could be converted for use as a 2 bedroom by converting the living room.<Please Reply with the following information: 1. target move in date, 2. names of the interested parties, 3. pet status. 4. short description about yourselves. We will reply to you with the exact address to meet at. It is suggested that you come to the showing with an application form filled out ahead of time if you are interested in the apartment. Applications can be downloaded from our website centronmg.comLiving Room Angle 1






***PLEASE EMAIL TO SET UP APPOINTMENT(DO NOT CALL UNLESS YOU DO NOT HAVE EMAIL.***TO SEE MORE PHOTOS AND DETAILS CUT AND PASTE THIS LINK ***

http://www.centronmg.com

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 19:25
Price: $3250
Latitude: 37.793014
Longitude: -122.416113
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
