$3600 / 1br - 691ft2 - 2 Weeks Free! 1BA/1 Ba Great Deal! Amazing Location! (SOMA / south beach)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
SIGN LEASE BY OCTOBER 20th AND RECEIVE 2 WEEKS FREE RENT! ONE BEDROOM ONE BATHROOM WITH BIG WALK-IN CLOSET - "FOLSOM" #405 - FLOOR PLAN - IN A BOUTIQUE BUILDING, - PET FRIENDLY - FREE BIKE STORAGE, WEB PASS READY.
I am having to relocate on short notice and am looking for someone to take over my unit. The price is with the 2 weeks free rent.
333 Fremont is located in the heart of San Francisco's Rincon Hill / South Beach neighborhoods, one could simply "walk to work" from their home at 333 Fremont. The central location offers convenience to downtown offices, banks, transportation, restaurants, cafes, shopping, night-life, museums and the world-famous San Francisco Bay waterfront.
Building management is also amazing and they take a really good care of you!
RESIDENCE:
Big walk-in closet
Washer/Dryer in unit
5 burner gas range stove
Full-size dishwasher with top controls hidden for the more modern luxury feel
Electric heaters
Engineered hardwood flooring - Thick underlayment under the wood floors to eliminate sound from the unit above
Hand selected imported Italian granite counter-tops
Tall ceilings
High-end contemporary finishes
Stainless steel appliances
Modern white-gloss cabinetry with brushed metal hardware with soft-close hinges and hardware
Chick pendant lighting over bar
Grohe chrome kitchen faucets with large under mount sinks
Glass tile backsplash
12-month lease, then month-to-month
Pet friendly
AMENITIES and SERVICES:
Cable & Wi-Fi Ready - Webpass, Comcast, Xfinity
Secured Key - Card building access
Controlled entry system controlled by mobile handset
Private Security
Secured below-grade attached garage
Secured motorcycle parking in garage
Additional secured storage units
Bicycle storage
Environmental conscious dog run facility
Residential discounts available for local gym memberships
Doorstep package delivery
Dry cleaning services
Exclusive resident events
PARKING:
Available for just $299/month
I am also selling my brand new furniture if you are interested:
Double motion reclining sofa with USB charging port conveniently integrated into the power switch
Glass top dining table set for 4
Please contact me to schedule a viewing or for more information.

Date Posted: October 10, 2018 at 15:48
Price: $3600
Latitude: 37.787836
Longitude: -122.393396
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 691
