$2600 / 1br - 475ft2 - Garden apartment in Duboce Triangle (castro / upper market)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
$2600 for this well cared for one bedroom unit in the Duboce Triangle. 
Your private entrance leads to the approximately 475 sq. ft. modern style unit in our 135 year old Victorian. 
The kitchen and living room look out on the rear patio and garden area. Great space for a Bar-B-Q! 
The kitchen features a gas stove for those who love to cook and lots of cabinet space with ceramic tile counters and floor. 
The carpeted living room has large windows overlooking the garden just outside your door. 
The carpeted bedroom features an in-suite sink with a ceramic tiled vanity and a large 9' wide clothes closet.
The separate tiled bathroom has a shower-tub combination and storage cabinet over the toilet. 
There are coin operated laundry facilities in the building which are shared with the two other units upstairs. 
The Duboce Triangle is close to transportation (all Muni lines and several buses for easy access to downtown and BART). Safeway and Whole Foods are a short walk as are several specialty food stores. The nearby Castro Farmers' Market is open each Wednesday mid-March to mid-November. 
This area has so many great restaurants. You can head north to explore the Lower Haight or south to see what you can find in the Castro. Valencia Street is 5 blocks away, and Dolores Park is a block further. 
Duboce Park is just around the corner and the Duboce Park Cafe is next door!
Parking on street. Two rental bike stations are one block away. 
Sorry, no pets permitted. This cozy apartment is best suited for a single or couple. 
One year minimum. Water paid by landlord. Available Nov. 1st.
For more info, call  show contact info
. 
Open house this Saturday, Oct. 13 & Sunday, Oct. 14th from noon to about 3 pm. 
10 Sanchez Street at Duboce next door to the Duboce Park Cafe. Look for our sign near the door. 
Come by to see this great apartment. Bring copies of your full credit report and your FICO score plus employment documentation and referral information for faster processing.

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 13:27
Price: $2600
Latitude: 37.769086
Longitude: -122.431555
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 475
