$5000 / 2br - 990ft2 - Lush Courtyard Facing 2 Bedroom Apartment in SF Coming Soon! (potrero hill)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Us Today   show contact info

	Enjoy this spacious 2 bedroom/ 2 bath as your new home in March!  Currently being finished, you'll be the first one to live here with all shiny new appliances, floors, counters, and cabinets!  

Galley style kitchen is the best way to get creative in the living area.  Bedrooms on each side for ultimate convenience.  Master bedroom will have its own private bathroom and huge walk in closet.  Jr. bedroom with a walk in closet is accessible next to the bathroom and W/D.  

Choose from city to courtyard views from our array of layouts and locations.  
	Come relax in our rooftop terrace or work out in our fitness centers after a long day at work! Potrero 1010 has what you need to be Very Satisfied! If you aren't, then we have a 30 day guarantee, but we know you won't need that! We offer a 2 day Service Guarantee with rent free if we don't address your maintenance concerns, how can you go wrong? Call us today to come see your new home! *Apartment Amenities* --9 Foot Ceilings --Ceiling Fans --Private Balcony with View of Courtyard --Galley Kitchens --Open Concept Design --Air Conditioning --Temperature Controlled Storage --Washer and Dryer In-home **Community Amenities** --Outdoor Grills on Rooftop Deck --Fitness Center with Cardio and Weight Areas --Wireless in Community Room --DIY Project Room --Wall-mounted Bike Racks --Rooftop Deck with City Views


Enjoy the new community lifestyle with all the bells and whistles from an extensive cardio and strength rooms, spacious community room to hang out and relax to our expansive roof top with 360 views of San Francisco. Our community is very pet friendly so your furry family member gets perks too! One acre of gorgeous green park will be in between our two buildings which has a dog park area. After some play time you can use our pet grooming facility for a good clean up!

	Potrero 1010 Apartments
	More Photos http://www.equityapartments.com/san-francisco/potrero-hill/potrero-1010-apartments?ilsid=93

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 13:58
Price: $5000
Latitude: 37.766424
Longitude: -122.396996
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 990
