$2300 / 500ft2 - 883 Sacramento St #B, San Francisco (financial district)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Studio Apt with Views of TransAmerica Pyramid and Coit Tower!
KEY FEATURES 
Bedrooms: Studio
Bathrooms: 1 BA
Parking: Street Parking Only
Lease Duration: 1 Year (Owner also considers 6mo+)
Pets Policy: No Pets
Laundry: Laundromat is nearby
Property Type: Apartment
DESCRIPTION
Studio apartment with views, right on the edge of the Financial District and Chinatown. Located in a well-maintained mixed-use building. Kitchen space is like-new and has nice wooden cabinets, gas stove/oven, range hood, refrigerator, and large sink. Lots of natural light throughout, living space faces the street. Nice like new full-sized bathroom with tub. Carpeting throughout unit. Laundromat just a block away. Lots of street parking. Conveniently located next to North Beach and 5 minutes away from Downtown SF and Union Square. Nob Hill and Historic Mark Hopkins, Fairmont Hotel, Tonga Room, Huntington Park, Grace Cathedral, Brownstone Pacific Club Building, and University Club are right up the street. Lots of local markets are up the street. SF Muni Lines run across the street and Powell BART Station is also near. St Francis Hospital is within 1 mile.
To schedule a showing, please contact Johnny Yu  show contact info
.
___ To find out more about our listings, please visit us @ www.SaxeRealEstate.com ___
RENTAL FEATURES
Spacious Unit
Gas Range/Oven
Refrigerator
Great Cabinet Space in Kitchen
Large Sink
Good Size Living Space
Carpeting Throughout
Nice Full-sized bathroom with Tub
Lots of Natural Light and Windows
Street Parking
COMMUNITY FEATURES
Located in the Financial District
Chinatown and North Beach are few blocks away
Downtown SF and Union Square are 5 min away
SF Muni Lines across the street
Powell BART Station is also near
Lots of local markets close by
St Francis Hospital is within 1 mile
LEASE TERMS
Tenant pays PG&E plus additional $35/person/month for water, garbage, and sewer. Must have good credit, and 3x rent income. 1 yr lease (owner also consider 6mo+). No Smoking and No Pet please.
Contact info: 
Johnny Yu
Saxe Real Estate Management Services, Inc. 
Office:  show contact info
 | Cell:  show contact info
show contact info

Date Posted: October 11, 2018 at 17:40
Price: $2300
Latitude: 37.793178
Longitude: -122.407727
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 500
