$5800 / 2br - 1315ft2 - Gorgeous 2BD 2BTH TOWNHOUSE! *1 MONTH FREE FOR MOVE-IN BY NOV. 30TH! (SOMA / south beach)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
 One Month Free on Select Two Bedrooms and Townhomes. Contact our Leasing Office for Details.  Enjoy Your New Home! Move In. Stand Out Call Now:  show contact info
L Seven 1222 Harrison Street, San Francisco, CA, 94103Want more information on this unit? See link (below):http://fairfield-apts.com/u8wy04 This is a 2 Bedroom, 2.5 Bath, approximately 1208 Sq. Ft.  Since the greatest ideas come from the intersection between creative forces, L Seven also includes a wide variety of social spaces. Three distinct rooftop lounges offer panoramic city views while our beer garden offers you a chance to relax and mingle. Our 24 hour fitness center features state-of-the-art equipment including a TRX training equipment. The resident lounge is the perfect spot to relax or use a community workspace with a variety of seating and USB charging outlets. Features - USB Charging Outlets  - Private Direct Access Garage*  - Keyless Entry Front Door  - In-home Front Loading Washer and Dryer  - Kitchen Tile Backsplash  - Comcast Internet Blast Package and HD Digital Cable  - Polished Quartz Countertops  - Four Custom Finish Packages  - Wood Look Plank Flooring or Polished Concrete Flooring in Living Areas  - Views of Downtown San Francisco* Community Amenities - Leed Silver Certified Community  - Underground Parking Garage with Elevators  - Fitness Center with Variety of Strength and Cardio Equipment Plus TRX Wall  - Rooftop Game Lounge with Ping Pong, Scrabble, and Life Sized Connect Four  - Private Conference and Meeting Rooms  - Rooftop BBQ Terrace with Outdoor Heating and City Views  - Rooftop Firepit Lounge with Built-in Seating  - Resident Lounge Featuring Hospitality Station, Coworking Spaces, and Complimentary WiFi  - Rooftop Beer Garden with Kegerator, Green Wall, and Outdoor Television Pet Policy We welcome you & your best friend, too!Looking for a new home for you & your pet? We are one of the few pet friendly communities in the area & enthusiastically welcome you & your pet (some restrictions apply).Pet Overview: Dogs & cats, including puppies & kittens under 1 year, are welcome at our community. Pet residents must have their health check & shots, and be spayed or neutered by 6 months of age. A signed animal addendum is required to be on file at our leasing office. Two (2) max pets allowed.Fee, Deposit and Pet Rent: $200 non-refundable fee and $200 pet deposit. Pet rent is $25 per month. (All fees, deposits and charges noted above are per pet.)Additional Details: We also welcome your domestic pet if it is a bird or fish with written approval from our onsite management team. No reptiles or exotic animals please. Fish tanks are not to exceed 55 gallons.Support Animals: If the animal is a service animal for a disabled person, pet deposits are not necessary & breed restrictions do not apply. A signed Letter Regarding Support Animals from a qualified professional verifying the need for the service animal along with proof of current rabies shots and licenses (if legally applicable) is required.Breed Restrictions: We welcome all breeds of dogs, except the following breed or mixed breed: Akita, Alaskan Malamute, Chow, Doberman Pinscher, German Shepherd, Great Dane, Husky, Pit Bull Terriers*, Rottweiler, Saint Bernard & Wolf Dog Hybrids.* (including all Pit Bull breeds - American Pit Bull Terriers, American or Irish Staffordshire Terriers, Bull Terriers, Pit Bulls, American Bull Dogs, & Presa Canario.) We reserve the right to add additional restricted breeds at any time. Driving Directions Driving westbound on I-80 from Bay Bridge. Take exit 1C towards Harrison Street. Destination should be on the right.Driving north from San Jose on US-101 N. Take 7th Street exit and drive to Harrison. Office Hours Monday-Friday 9 am to 7 pmSaturday & Sunday 11 am to 5 pm Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. Equal Housing Opportunity Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. Tx8DCd7n

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 15:22
Price: $5800
Latitude: 37.773545
Longitude: -122.408789
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2.5
Sqft: 1315
