$5500 / 2br - 1100ft2 - 30+ Day Furnished High-End 2BR Condo | Steps from Presidio+Chestnut! ❤ (marina / cow hollow)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Welcome to your quintessential San Francisco experience for the next few months. Walk in and experience California sun pouring across the upscale finishes and open layout of the condo. Don't be fooled by the small kitchen; it's fully equipped and ready for your culinary undertakings. The bathroom is fully stocked with essentials and ready for use. Feel at home in the fully furnished bedroom complete with soft linens and ample space for your clothes. You'll rest well knowing that your family or friends are comfortable sleeping on the convertible bed in the guest room. You and your other guests will love the big screen TVs and plush sofas and chairs. Stay connected with W-Fi included.
*This listing is only for 30+ day rentals up to 4 months. Perfect for small families or business travelers looking to spend an extended amount of time in the Bay Area!* 
Our condo features 2 comfortable bedrooms both with their own unique charm. The bedroom configurations are as follows:
Bedroom 1/ Queen
Bedroom 2/ Full Convertible Bed
Common Areas/ Couch
**Weekly housekeeping available. Please inquire for more information!**
Located in the heart of the Marina District, take a stroll through Presidio or one of the nearby attractions. Take some photos of the Golden Gate Bridge from Crissy Field, or walk across the Bridge itself. When you're ready to see a little more, book a tour to Alcatraz or visit any of the various museums in the city's vibrant culture. You'll dine at San Francisco's best restaurants just steps from your door. The neighborhood is also host to multiple musical venues. You'll not want for entertainment during your stay here.
Our home is a short ride away from the renowned Silicon Valley. Stay here for a work trip, and enjoy the convenience of staying near the greatest tech-working environment in the nation, all while enjoying the diverse culture of Northern California.

Date Posted: October 06, 2018 at 11:50
Price: $5500
Latitude: 37.795848
Longitude: -122.445242
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 1100
