$4350 / 2br - 370 Upper Terrace #6, San Francisco (cole valley / ashbury hts)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
2 BR Deluxe Apt in Ashbury Heights/Cole Valley with Panoramic Views!
KEY FEATURES
Bedrooms: 2 BR
Bathrooms: 1 Bath
Parking: 1 Assigned Garage Space(additional $300/month)
Lease Duration: Minimum 1 Year
Pets Policy: Small Dog OK
Laundry: In-Unit
Property Type: Apartment
DESCRIPTION
Wonderful end of Upper Terrace, this 2BR apt is located within a beautifully 1928 vintage and well-maintained 10 unit building. Located in Ashbury Heights/Cole Valley District, apartment is on the 2nd floor and faces east with bay city views. Gourmet kitchen has stainless steel appliances; gas stove and oven and refrigerator. Nice hardwood floors throughout. Track lighting throughout. Good storage as well. Living room faces easterly with views as well. Unit has cute small private deck, right off the living room. Bedrooms are both of good size. Walk-in Cedar lined closets. Nice bathroom with shower. Laundry room in unit. One garage parking space available for additional $300/month. Wonderful shared roof deck with really nice panoramic views of the city, ocean and bay. Close to Golden Gate Park and Haight St shoppes and restaurants. Cole St shoppes, restaurants and cafes also close by. Whole Foods, Target, and Trader Joes are near. UCSF Parnassus, St Marys, and CPMC Davies Hospitals all within 1 mile. Small dog is OK. Unit will be available first week of November 2018.
Please contact Mary Murphy to schedule a showing  show contact info
.
RENTAL FEATURES
Stainless Steel Appliances
Gas Stove and Oven
Stainless Steel Refrigerator
Microwave
Hardwood Floors Throughout
Living Room with City Views
Good-sized Bedrooms 
Nice Bathroom
Washer and Dryer In-Unit
Private Deck, off Living Room area
Views of the City and Water from the Living and Bedrooms
Shared Roof Deck Patio with Panoramic Views of the City as well
Assigned Garage Space Available
COMMUNITY FEATURES
Located in Ashbury Heights/Cole Valley District
Close to Haight St shoppes, restaurants, and cafes
Golden Gate Park also nearby
Cole St shoppes, restaurants and cafes within close distance
SF Muni and Street Car Lines close by
Whole Foods, Target, and Trader Joes within close driving distance
St Marys and CMPC Davies Hospital also nearby
LEASE TERMS
Owner pays Water and Garbage. Tenant pays PG&E. Must have good credit, and 3x rent income. 1 yr lease minimum. Small dog OK. No Smoking Please. 
Contact info: 
Mary Murphy
Cell:  show contact info

Office:  show contact info
 |  show contact info

Saxe Real Estate Management Services, Inc. 
1999 Van Ness Avenue
San Francisco CA 94109

Date Posted: October 01, 2018 at 16:50
Price: $4350
Latitude: 37.762575
Longitude: -122.446020
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
