$2650 / 1br - 777 Arguello Blvd #104, San Francisco (inner richmond)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Recently Remodeled 1 BR Apt in Inner Richmond!
KEY FEATURES
Bedrooms: 1 BR
Bathrooms: 1BA
Parking: Garage Parking Space
Lease Duration: 1 Year (See Details Below)
Pets Policy: No Pets Please
Laundry: In Building
Nice & bright 1BR 1BA apartment located in the Inner Richmond District. Apt is in a well-maintained and modern apartment building w/elevator.  This is a 2nd floor inner unit, that is quiet and away from street noise. Kitchen space has granite counter tops, nice and spacious cabinets, like-new electric stove/oven, range hood, refrigerator, and sink. Large living room w/gas fireplace. Unit has nice large double-pained windows, thats allows lots of natural sunlight into the apt. Like new carpeting throughout. Good size bedroom w/2 closets & computer nook. Full sized bathroom with tub. Coin laundry room in the building. 1 Garage Parking Space included. Conveniently located near Balboa St shops, restaurants, and banks. Haight St shops and restaurants are also near. Safeway, Whole Foods, Target and Trader Joes close by. Golden Gate Park, Academy of Sciences, Japanese Tea Garden, and De Young Museum are of short distance. SF Muni Lines (1, 5, 31, and 38 lines) are nearby. Easy freeway access to 101/280, 19th Ave, and Golden Gate Bridge. St Marys, UCSF Parnassus, and CPMC Hospitals are within 1 mile. 
To schedule a showing, please contact Grace Li at  show contact info
.
___ To find out more about our listings, feel free to give us a call/email or visit us @ www.SaxeRealEstate.com.
RENTAL FEATURES
Recently Remodeled
Spacious Unit
Granite Countertops
Spacious Wooden Cabinets
Electric Stove/Oven
Refrigerator
Sink
Dining Area off Kitchen
Living Room with Gas Fireplace
Carpeting Throughout
Good-Sized Bedroom
Lots of Closet Space
Full Sized Bathroom with Tub
Lots of Windows and Natural Light Throughout
Shared Coin Laundry Room
One Assigned Garage Parking Space
COMMUNITY FEATURES
Located in Inner Richmond
Balboa St shops, restaurants, and banks are close by
Haight St shops and restaurants also near
Golden Gate Park, Academy of Sciences, De Young Museum and Japanese Tea Garden are of short distance
Safeway, Luckys, Whole Foods, Target, and Trader Joes Grocery Stores are near by
SF Muni Lines (1, 5, 31, and 38) within short distance
Easy Freeway Access to 101/280, 19th Ave and Golden Gate Bridge
CPMC California Campus, UCSF Parnassus, and St Francis Memorial Hospitals within 1 mile
LEASE TERMS
Owner pays Water and Garbage. Tenant pays PG&E. Must have good credit, and 3x rent income. 1 yr lease minimum. No Pets and No Smoking Please. 
Grace Li
Saxe Real Estate Management Services, Inc. 
Office:  show contact info
 | Cell:  show contact info

1999 Van Ness Avenue
San Francisco CA 94109show contact info

Date Posted: September 10, 2018 at 15:11
Price: $2650
Latitude: 37.776511
Longitude: -122.458698
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
