$3125 / 473ft2 - Serene Modern Studio w/Large Patio near Caltrain! (SOMA / south beach)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Apartment 205!     
473 sq ft
Large Patio facing serene Courtyard!
Polished Concrete Flooring
Available for Immediate Move-In
$3,125 for 12 Months      
Non-Smoking Community                               
 We have quite a few tours for studio options this weekend. Most of our options are pre-leased due to the popularity of our community. Due to high demand, availability is very limited at this time.
Apartment 205 HD Video Tour: https://youtu.be/RVKeWO4_rGQ
Application Fee: $49 per applicant; Hold/Sec. Deposit: $500; Parking (if applicable): $250/mo; Pet Dues (if applicable): $60/mo w/$500 Pet Deposit
If parking is needed, please let us know, in advance, what type of vehicle will be parked (i.e. sedan, SUV) as our vehicle lifts have a maximum capacity. 
Complete listings are available on our website, www.windsoratdogpatch.com , under the Floor Plans tab. Only the available floor plans will reflect pricing. Best price is on a 12 month lease term. Please keep in mind that pricing and availability is subject to change daily. Our apartments are leasing fast. We often have apartments leased sight unseen as our market is very competitive.
Once approved, you have 24 hours to rescind your application. After this period, the $500 hold deposit is non-refundable.
Utilities: It is the responsibility of the resident to handle all utilities. Electricity is paid through PG&E.Water, sewage, trash services are billed together through Minol. The total monthly average for all 3 services is typically $90-130/mo..
Please give us a call so that we can schedule a tour! You may also schedule a tour on our website, www.windsoratdogpatch.com .
Our community offers new and spectacular one, two and three bedroom luxury apartment homes, along with incredibly convenient amenities, located in the robust, up and coming Dogpatch neighborhood. With a walk score of 82, Windsor at Dogpatch is minutes away from the Caltrain station, San Francisco Muni rail line, the new Chase arena, award-winning restaurants and so much more. 
Our modern finishes feature elegant quartz counter tops, plank flooring, modern stainless steel kitchen appliances, designer track lighting fixtures and glass brick back splash tiles.  Our community is equipped with complimentary Luxer Package Lockers, making receiving package deliveries convenient for each resident.  Get fit on your own time in our 24-hour fitness center, or lounge around in our open air courtyard space, equipped with gas barbecue grills!

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 11:13
Price: $3125
Latitude: 37.755879
Longitude: -122.388061
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 473
