$3707 / 1br - 543ft2 - Dry Cleaning Delivery System, Expansive Roof Deck with Spa (castro / upper market)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Bring Your Pets! With a New Angle on Urban Luxe, Duboce offers San Francisco Boutique-Style Living Call Now:  show contact info
 x 47OR Text 47 to  show contact info
 to text us.Duboce 181 Sanchez St., San Francisco, CA, 94114Need more information? Copy this link:http://cl.greystar.com/01eb2t This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 543 Sq. Ft.  The Duboce Triangle is a vibrant and highly-desirable neighborhood infused with color and culture. Duboce is a boutique-style apartment community that blends high style with urban luxury. While our location is distinctly tranquil, the bustling nightlife and remarkable shopping selection of the Castro and the Mission are mere steps away.Embracing an urban retro aesthetic, Duboce provides stellar community features, remarkable amenities and pet-friendly living options. From our polished porcelain tile flooring and dual-tone cabinets to our beautiful subway tile backsplashes and Caesarstone quartz countertops, Duboce offers classic living and will quickly become your happy place. Perfect for entertaining friends and family, each apartment home provides staple items for a fun, yet functional space that will enhance your living experience.With one- and two-bedroom apartment rentals and a variety of floor plans, Duboce is ideal for those seeking a walkable home life and an effortless commute. Whether enjoying a BBQ with friends and family or soaking up the sun on our expansive roof deck, residents at Duboce enjoy exciting features that allow them to feel connected and comfortable. Features - High Speed Fiber  - Under-Mounted Lighting  - Ceramic Backsplash  - Front-Loading Washer and Dryer  - Plank and Large Porcelain Tile Flooring  - Keyless Entry System  - Caesarstone Countertops  - Under-Mounted Stainless Steel Sinks  - Dual-Tone Cabinets Community Amenities - Dry Cleaning Delivery System  - Retail On Site  - Expansive Roof Deck with Spa  - Gated Underground Parking  - Self-Service Package Delivery System  - Apartment Views of Quiet Interior Courtyard  - Sundeck, BBQ and Fire Pit Areas  - Multi-functional Lobby and Conference Areas  - Multiple Technology Bus Stops Within Walking Distance  - Zipcar On Site  - 24/7 Online Resident Services  - Pet Friendly Office Hours Mon - Sat 9:00am to 6:00pmSun Closed Equal Housing Opportunity kVERvdi3

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 16:23
Price: $3707
Latitude: 37.766508
Longitude: -122.430761
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 543
