$4200 / 3br - 338 11th Ave, San Francisco (inner richmond)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Nice 3 BR Top Floor Flat-Like Apt in Inner Richmond!
KEY FEATURES
Bedrooms: 3 BR
Bathrooms: 2 BA
Parking: Garage Parking Space
Lease Duration: 1 Year (See Details Below)
Pets Policy: No Pets Please
Laundry: In Building
DESCRIPTION
Spacious 3 BR 2 BA flat-like apartment located in the Inner Richmond District. Unit is on the upper level of a well maintained 3-unit building; two more units are located downstairs. Apt occupies the entire upper level. Large kitchen is nicely tiled and also has spacious wooden cabinets, gas stove, double-oven, range hood, new refrigerator, dishwasher,trash compacter, and stainless steel sink. Nice and good sized breakfast area within kitchen space. Large living room with fireplace. High ceilings. New carpeting throughout. Formal dining room. Both the living and dining room face the street. Lots of windows and natural light. Three skylights in the apartment as well. Bedrooms are of good size with good closet space. Master bedroom has two good sized closets along with a bathroom. Sleeping quarters face the backyard. Shared coin laundry room in building. Access to a one car parking space.  Nice shared backyard/garden. Conveniently located in Inner Richmond, flat is close to Clement St shops, banks, restaurants and local markets. Geary Blvd shops and restaurants are also near. Laurel Village plaza is of short distance as well. Park Presidio, Crissy Field, and Golden Gate parks within close range. SF Muni Line stops (1 and 38) within few blocks. Easy freeway access to 101/280 and 19th Ave/Golden Gate Bridge. UCSF Parnassus, CPMC California Campus, and St Marys Hospitals within 1 mile.
To schedule a showing, please contact Grace Li at  show contact info
.
___ To find out more about our listings, feel free to give us a call/email or visit us @ www.SaxeRealEstate.com.
RENTAL FEATURES
Freshly Painted Unit
Spacious Apt
Nicely Tiled Kitchen
Spacious Wooden Cabinets
Gas Stove
Double-Oven
New Refrigerator
Dishwasher
Sink
Breakfast Nook in Kitchen
Formal Dining Room
Living Room with Fireplace
New Carpeting Throughout
Three Skylights
Good-Sized Bedrooms
Lots of Closet Space
Full Sized Bathroom with Tub
Master BR with 2 Closets and bathroom
Lots of Windows and Natural Light Throughout
Shared Coin Laundry Room
One Assigned Garage Parking Space
Nice Large Backyard
COMMUNITY FEATURES
Located in Inner Richmond
Clement St shops, restaurants, local markets, and banks are close by
Geary Blvd shops and restaurants also near
Laurel Village Plaza close by
Park Presidio, Crissy Field, and Golden Gate Bridge nearby
SF Muni Lines (1, 5, 31, and 38) within short distance
Easy Freeway Access to 101/280, 19th Ave and Golden Gate Bridge
CPMC California Campus, UCSF Parnassus, and St Francis Memorial Hospitals within 1 mile
LEASE TERMS
Owner pays Water and Garbage. Tenant pays PG&E. Must have good credit, and 3x rent income. 1 yr lease minimum. No Smoking and No Pets Please.
Grace Li
Saxe Real Estate Management Services, Inc. 
Office:  show contact info
 | Cell:  show contact info

1999 Van Ness Avenue
San Francisco CA 94109show contact info

Date Posted: September 18, 2018 at 00:50
Price: $4200
Latitude: 37.783784
Longitude: -122.469619
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: NA
