$9095 / 4br - BRAND NEW 4 Bedroom Flat in Pacific Heights WASHER DRYER MOVE IN TODAY (pacific heights)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Just completed, down to the studs renovation! This beautiful open concept brand new 4 bedroom, 2 bathroom flat situated in the heart of Pacific Heights is a unique opportunity to call home. 
This unit features finishes typically not found in rental properties! Open layout with soaring 10' ceilings and luxury in every detail. Spacious open living and dining rooms are adjacent to the kitchen providing excellent flow great for entertaining guests. Brand new oversized double pane vinyl windows throughout, insulation behind walls, new real oak hardwood floors in all areas including the bedrooms, and pre-wired for cable/internet/tv! Kitchen features brand new stainless steel appliances, quartz countertops, and undermount sink. Bathrooms feature rainfall showerheads, TOTO toilets, and brand new vanities. In unit LG washer and dryer will also be provided and available for your private use. Pre-wired for cable, internet, and television!
Additional features: 
- Water and trash included in rental price.
- Parking is available for an additional fee. 
- Security deposit: TBD, but roughly 1-1.5x the rent amount
- Rent-controlled building. Enjoy rent predictability and assurance for the future. 
- Pet limit to 1. Subject to approval and deposit. 
Within blocks to coffee shops and restaurants. Luxury gyms and fitness studios such as Equinox, Soul Cycle, Barry's Bootcamp are close by. Lyon Street steps and Presidio National Park are a couple blocks away. MUNI bus lines (1-California and 3- Jackson) are easily accessible from the building and provide quick access to downtown SF. Across street from University High School, close to USF, UCSF, Financial District, Marina, and more! 
Easy to show. By appointment only.

Date Posted: November 02, 2018 at 08:10
Price: $9095
Latitude: 37.791208
Longitude: -122.444478
Bedrooms: 4
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: NA
