$3795 / 2br - Top Floor | Sutter & Fillmore St | Spacious Unit | Shared Yard (lower pac hts)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Lovely SPACIOUS Lower Pacific Heights 2 Bedroom - Off Fillmore St.
The New York styled entry with covered walk-up entrance and brass rails welcomes you into the building. This light filled top floor unit has very generous sized room. Living room has Northern exposure right about the tree lined street. Bedroom one faces the street which is large in size with wardrobe closet. Second bedroom also large is located off-street. Bathroom has tile surround shower over the tub. Kitchen has new appliances including a gas range and refrigerator. Building has a shared yard and shared laundry. Owner pays: Water, garbage and steam heat. Sorry, no pets. 
Welcome to Lower Pac Heights -Known as the Upper Fillmore, Lower Pacific Heights is rich with Western history. Originally used for small-scale farming, it has since populated and provided beautiful homes for those moving to the area.
Sweet Maple is a popular diner in Lower Pacific Heights- serving their special, "millionaire's bacon." Enjoy watching your food made at b. patisserie- Viennese and Parisian coffee, treats, and sandwiches, they're a morning delight!
Whether moving to California or Bush Streets; all of the Lower Pacific Heights has history and new offerings around each corner.
APARTMENT DETAILS:
Address: 2053 Sutter St #302 San Francisco
Bedrooms: 2 
Bathrooms: 1
Kitchen: Spacious kitchen - includes full fridge and gas stove
Hardwood Floors 
Parking: No
Laundry: On-site
Available: Now
Utilities include: water, heat, and garbage
Requirements:
Credit: Good Standing
Income: 3X the Rent
Security Deposit Required
Application fee: $40 per applicant
CONTACT:
Rafael Davis - Director of Leasing show contact info
 
Phone:  show contact info
 call/text
BRE#01901416
Chandler Properties - Rental Department
www.chandlerproperties.com
2799 California Street
San Francisco, CA 94115

Date Posted: October 25, 2018 at 14:31
Price: $3795
Latitude: 37.785974
Longitude: -122.434145
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
