$4995 / 3br - Converted Top Floor 3 bedroom Edwardian/Ashbury Heights! Rentals In SF (cole valley / ashbury hts)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
990 Clayton at Parnassus
Showing this Thursday, 10/18/18 at 6:45 pm - 7:00 pm.
This is a 15 minute showing so please be prompt, thank you!
Showing Schedule is here: http://www.rentalsinsf.com/listings/showing-schedule/
Beautiful Edwardian with hardwood floors, three bedrooms (1 is converted), 1.5 baths including a beautifully redone full bath with tub.
The kitchen has Caesar stone counter tops, stainless appliances and an amazing amount of natural light! Appliances include refrigerator, gas stove/oven, dishwasher and microwave.
990 Clayton Street has a Walk Score of 90 out of 100. This location is a Walker's Paradise so daily errands do not require a car.
It is a four minute walk from the N JUDAH at the Carl St & Cole St stop.
- Shared yard
- Laundry in unit!
- Sorry, no pets
- Owner pays water and garbage
- One year lease required
- One car side by side parking available for small car. If you have a large car, one car tandem parking with another tenant in the building.
- Non smoking unit
- Available Now!
Buena Vista/Ashbury Heights is a small community, and one of San Francisco's many neighborhoods built upon a steep hill providing breathtaking views of the city. It is close to all amenities in the Haight and to Golden Gate Park.
The neighborhood is light in commercial traffic, but heavy in green and residential space, with the entire area lined with large plantings of palm trees, lending it an attractive tropical character. The focus of the community circles around Buena Vista Park, the first official park in San Francisco established in 1867. The park is celebrated by its nearby residents and by all San Franciscans for its secluded, winding trails as well as for being home to one of the city's few remaining oak woodlands.
The homes that line the streets in this upscale neighborhood are a mix of the traditional Edwardian and Victorian single-family homes innate to San Francisco's character, with modern residences whose contemporary architects gracefully blended in their designs, a nod to the neighborhood's inherent style.
Its convenient location provides walking-distance proximity to a large handful of neighboring districts overflowing with boutiques, bars, restaurants, cafes, vintage clothing stores, home décor shops, and music venues. And with the city's public transit lines running through and around its borders, accessing other parts of the city is simple.
Buena Vista/Ashbury Heights is a notably beautiful neighborhood that embodies a very unique charm and offering an exclusive San Francisco experience.
Please contact Liz Pisco
Leasing Agent -- License # 01515257
Broker -- Jackie Tom / Rentals In SF 1318 Hayes Street San Francisco CA 94117.
Rental listings subject to change at any time. (Agent for Owner) believes all information contained herein to be correct but assumes no legal responsibility for the accuracy, any errors, or any omissions

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 11:13
Price: $4995
Latitude: 37.765215
Longitude: -122.447650
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 1.5
Sqft: NA
