$2150 BEAUTIFUL STUDIO  w/HARDWOOD - Available Early November (nob hill)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
535 Stockton Street Apartments located between Pine St. / Bush St.
Located one block south of the Ritz Carlton Hotel, and within easy walking distance of the Financial District, Union Square, BART and other public transportation.  Great location and neighborhood! 
SHOWING: Please call Joy at  show contact info
 (landline) to schedule a showing and leave the best day and times that work for you to see the apartment.  Phone calls will be returned in the evenings and weekends.  If you don't leave your phone number we cannot call you back.
8 Story, 1920's Classic Building on the Stockton Tunnel Top
One-year lease 
Steam heat, water and trash included
Tenant pays PG&E, cable, internet, phone
Non-smoking unit
Large walk-in closet with double shelves 
Coat closet (goes 5' back)
Separate kitchen with small dining area
High ceilings 
Full bath with window
Stainless steel appliances
Beautiful kitchen cabinets with quartz counter tops 
Beautiful tile flooring in kitchen
Hardwood floors in walnut stain
Laundry facility on property (coin operated)
Cat accepted with additional deposit of 350.00 (no dogs)
Recycling and composting building
Elevator
Street parking only 
On-site manager
Security deposit is same as rent amount
The unit is in front of the building on the 2nd floor with lots of LIGHT.     AVAILABLE early November.
APPLICANTS - 
Each person 18 years of age or older must complete and sign an application and only the applicants may reside in the unit.
If a co-signer is necessary, the co-signer MUST BE PRESENT at the showing and live in the state of California with valid Drivers License.
To be processed and considered, a 30.00 non-refundable processing fee must accompany all applications.  PLEASE BRING A COPY OF YOUR PAY STUB TO VERIFY YOUR INCOME.

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 08:33
Price: $2150
Latitude: 37.790778
Longitude: -122.407544
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
