$2950 / 2br - 433 Delano Ave, San Francisco (excelsior / outer mission)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Immaculate Top Floor 2BR Flat in Mission Terrace!
KEY FEATURES
Bedrooms: 2 BR
Bathrooms: 1BA
Parking: Garage Parking Space
Lease Duration: 1 Year (See Details Below)
Pets Policy: No Pets Please
Laundry: In Building
Property: Flat
DESCRIPTION
Very nice upper 2BR 1BA flat located in Mission Terrace/Outer Mission District. Spacious kitchen with lots of cabinet space, new electric stove top, range hood, new electric oven, fridge, and sink. Formal and large dining room that opens to the living room. L shaped living room with fireplace. Beautiful hardwood floors throughout. Flat has been recently painted. Both bedrooms are of good size with great closet space. Lots of natural light throughout the flat as well. Pretty backyard and garden which owner, who lives next door, maintains beautifully. There is a one car garage, and laundry room with washer/dryer for this unit. Conveniently located near Mission St shops, restaurants, local markets, and banks. Safeway and Whole Foods are close by. Ocean Ave shops and restaurants are also near. Balboa BART station is two blocks away. SF Muni lines and street car trains are within one block. Near City College of SF. Easy freeway access to 280 and 101. CPMC Bernal Campus and SF General Hospitals are near.
Please contact Linda Bosniadis to schedule a showing,  show contact info
.
To find out more about our listings, feel free to give us a call/email us  show contact info
.
RENTAL FEATURES
Recently Painted
Nice Updated Kitchen
Great Cabinet Space
New Electric Stove Top
Range Hood
New Electric Oven
Refrigerator
Sink
Living Room with Fireplace
Formal Dining Room
Beautiful Hardwood Floors 
Good Size Bedrooms with Great Closet space
1 Car Garage
Washer and Dryer
Beautiful Large Backyard with Garden
COMMUNITY FEATURES
Located in Mission Terrace/Outer Mission
Mission St shops, restaurants, local markets, and banks are near
Ocean Ave shops and restaurants also close by
Safeway and Whole Foods are near
Alemany Farmers Market on Weekends
Balboa BART station is two blocks away
SF Muni Lines and street car trains within one block
Easy freeway access to 280 and 101
LEASE TERMS
Tenant pays All Utilities i.e. Water, Garbage, PG&E and services incurred. Must have good credit and income. 1 yr minimum lease. No Smoking and No Pets please.
Contact info:
Linda Bosniadis
Office:  show contact info
 |  show contact info

Le Steven Zhang Realty
1999 Van Ness Avenue
San Francisco CA 94109

Date Posted: October 16, 2018 at 09:21
Price: $2950
Latitude: 37.722627
Longitude: -122.443728
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
