$4399 / 1br - 800ft2 - LOVELY ONE BEDROOM FURNISHED APARTMENT (noe valley)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
"THE ENCHANTED GARDEN HIDEAWAY"
A ONE BEDROOM FURNISHED APARTMENT
LOCATED IN NOE VALLEY NEIGHBORHOOD OF SAN FRANCISCO
FEATURES INCLUDE:
*All utilities included
*Quality Furnishings
*Free HDTV w/ Premium Channels
*Free High Speed Wireless Internet 
*Private Deck w/ View
*Two Queen Size Beds
*Smoke Free
*Pets Welcomed
*Excellent 4G and 3G cell phone reception
*Free Washer/Dryer in building
*Central Heating
INTRODUCTION: The "Enchanted Garden Hideaway" is a fully furnished private large one-bedroom suite with a separate entrance, located right in the heart of the picturesque Noe (No-ee) Valley neighborhood of San Francisco.  Built just above the garden level, this well-appointed stylish accommodation is perfect as temporary housing or an extended vacation rental (31 night minimum lease required). It is clean, secure, smoke-free and pet and eco-friendly. It's ideally suited for one to two persons. 
FLEXIBLE TERMS:  This is a perfect fully furnished space, especially if your are moving in or out of the city, remodeling your home, here for an extended stay for work, visiting family or on a nice long San Francisco vacation. We offer a 30-day lease - which is the required minimum stay - and then month to month thereafter (or prorated portion thereof.) That means if you plan on staying only 31, 32, 33 nights or more, we can accommodate you!
LOCATION: Nestled in the heart of Noe Valley of San Francisco, the "Enchanted Garden Hideaway" overlooks our charming garden and surrounding the attractive neighborhood. Noe Valley is also blessed as having one of the sunniest and warmest neighborhoods in the city - an important consideration here in San Francisco.  And Noe Valley is known for its up-scale desirability and charm -- boasting trendy restaurants, bakeries, wine and cheese shops, fashionable apparel boutiques, floral shops and public transportation.  Other rentals like to say they are located near Noe, but the "Enchanted Garden Hideaway" is right in the middle of it.
SIZE and LAYOUT: Tucked away from the street noise, this space is a completely private one-bedroom apartment that's much bigger than most hotel suites. Descending one flight of stairs from the street level accesses it. It has an open and bright snack bar as well as a separate dining area. The smart-looking living area adjoins a private deck with a beautiful garden and neighborhood view. A large separate ensuite bedroom, sheltered from outside noise and sunlight, allows you to sleep-in as late as you like. It features an abundance of lighting, ceiling fans, a built-in granite desk, two walk-in closets and a private full size bath.
STYLISH FURNISHINGS:  A granite breakfast bar with bar stools, comfortable couch, coffee table, entertainment console with a wide-screen HDTV, dining set for four, two queen-size beds, a twin-size convertible bed, dresser and a built-in granite desk with an executive chair are tastefully arranged. Elegant, contemporary wall hangings and area rugs enhance the space's ambience.
PRIVATE DECK: You'll enjoy exclusive use of your own spacious wood deck featuring a beautiful view of the neighborhood and the garden below. You will find that this space can be a tranquil sanctuary in the middle of the bustling city.  Deck furniture includes a gas BBQ, chaise lounge and a patio bistro set.
BUSINESS AMENITIES: Secured high-speed wireless internet is included.  A shared laser printer/copier machine is also connected to the network. "3G" and "4G" cell phone reception is excellent.
ENTERTAINMENT: A 37" flat-screen HDTV, equipped with cable box is installed in the living area. Local and premium cable channels plus many free on-demand programs and more are included. A second bedroom HDTV also features premium cable channels.  The bedroom is equipped with an I-pod compatible stereo alarm clock.
SEPARATE FULLY EQUIPPED SNACK BAR: New granite countertops, stainless steel sink with disposal, automatic dishwasher, refrigerator/freezer, coffee maker, blender, microwave and toaster are installed. Utensils, dishes, glassware, flatware are also provided. 
SLEEPING ACCOMMODATIONS: You'll have sweet dreams on either queen-sized memory-foam mattress with high thread-count cotton sheets.
PRIVATE BATH: Full size shower with glass enclosure is installed. A designer sink and commode as well as a large toiletry cabinet complete this elegant granite tiled bathroom. 
SEPARATE SHARED LAUNDRY ROOM: A modern washer/gas dryer, utility sink and iron with ironing board, are available for your use, free of charge.
MAID SERVICE:  Once a month maid service is provided by our professional cleaning staff, who will change the sheets and towels, vacuum, dust, polish the wood and glass surfaces and deep clean the kitchen and bathrooms for you.
TRANSIT and PARKING: We are just steps away from the Muni streetcars (J and F-lines) and busses (48-line), the Genentech and Google shuttle coaches and a ten minute walk to BART (24th St Station) and the 24 bus line.  This makes getting around town a breeze without a car. Street parking is also available.
LOCAL CONVENIENCES: A "Whole Foods" super-market is a five-minute walk away.  Additionally, a convenience store is within a baseball throw from the house, as is a dry cleaning/laundry business. Numerous banks and real-estate agencies are also close-by.
WALKING: We recommend exploring Noe Valley on foot (WalkScore of 97 out of 100; see "Walker's Paradise"). Noe Valley is a safe, well-lit, police patrolled, up-scale neighborhood that is pedestrian friendly.  Loads of enchanting, eye-popping Victorian homes that escaped the fire of 1906 adorn the neighborhood.
FITNESS and BICYCLING:  Two local fitness clubs are right around the corner and   Castro's fully equipped two-story gym is a short streetcar ride away. Bicycle rentals are just down the street.  
PET-FRIENDLY:  Your quiet, friendly dog (under 60 pounds) or cat is welcomed here at the "Enchanted Garden Hideaway."  Large, lockable doggy doors lead to the backyard for safe 24/7 pet relief and we will take care of any backyard clean up. (Backyard is restricted to pets only.) 
ECO-FRIENDLY: The building is equipped with roof-top electric solar panels, renewable bamboo wood floors and ipe wood decks, environmentally friendly insulation, energy conserving light bulbs, motion activated switches, energy-saving appliances, water-conserving toilets and shower heads, a new large-capacity gas-saving water heater and a new high-efficiency central-air heater with a smart thermostat.

Date Posted: October 28, 2018 at 13:19
Price: $4399
Latitude: 37.751705
Longitude: -122.427437
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 800
