$1795 / 1br - Beautiful Furnished Room Gorgeous Apt SUNNY, Artsy & Spacious (lower haight)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
AVAILABLE December 1st
They say... location, location, location... so true.
Hello Potential Roomie,
Please read full posting before responding, I am renting the 2nd room in my two-bedroom apartment. The room is FULLY FURNISHED with a nice bed, desk, chair, bookshelf, dresser, closet etc. I am very into mid-century modern aesthetic. The apt is fully equipped with, well, everything, ok, I don't have a whole lot of pots and pans but that's it.
The neighborhood is amazing (think NOPA), I am very lucky. People say that their location is prime, well maybe you should see my neighborhood, it's frigging awesome.
I have a gorgeous apartment, so sunny! Laundry in the building, shared kitchen, and an awesome shower. Also, I am the only roommate.
About me: I love art and culture... oh and fashion! That said, I'm not a partier (meaning I don't bring it home) and take my work seriously. I'm a creative, with a Masters of Fine Art from Stanford University. I do not have any pets but I babysit friends dogs from time to time (one dog at a time). I'm a total yoga person and love to live in a calm clean environment.
I do however really need someone who is clean, or does clean, we could work out a cleaning service if that is not your thing.
The buses and I mean Muni, google, square, Facebook, Genentech, etc, are at my LITERAL FRONT DOOR. This is a great central location, so much to do around here... you have got really high-end restaurants, stores and markets down Divisadero, upper Haight, great for shopping (especially if you need a vintage clothing fix), lower Haight, very dive bar, old school school neighborhood SanFranciscans. We are also a stones throw from Golden Gate Park, Buena Vista park, duboce Park and alamo square park. We are surrounded by many quaint victorian homes.
I understand that their are many fake postings on CL. I am a real person with a real apartment. I am happy to facetime with you, (if you are not in SF) or you obviously can just come see the place ☺ (yes the inside)!
NO COUPLES (one person only)
No Animals.
Good sense of humor advised ☺
Available Dec 1st to??? 2 mos min, month to month thereafter.
Deposit is equal to one months rent.
Please let me know about you... what you do, the hours you keep and what your interests are.
Please respond to above questions by email and just shoot me a quick text  show contact info
 including your name so we both have each others tele# and also that I will know you e-mailed me (I don't check as often as I should, cuz it isnt my biz acct). 
MERCI!
-Kat

Date Posted: October 31, 2018 at 08:34
Price: $1795
Latitude: 37.771267
Longitude: -122.437046
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: NA
