$4250 / 1br - REMODELED TOP-FLOOR one bedroom w/ BAY VIEWS in Pac Heights (PHOTOS) (pacific heights)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Completely REMODELED TOP-FLOOR and large one bedroom in the heart of Pacific Heights with gorgeous BAY VIEWS!! This large one bedroom features a fully loaded kitchen including: custom coffee colored maple-wood cabinetry, GRANITE counter-tops, (all stainless steel appliances) refrigerator, (pro-series) oven (top of the line Thermador oven!!), stove, microwave, garbage disposal and DISHWASHER! In addition, this unit features a separate dinette area, huge rounded bay windows in the living room and kitchen, a very large bedroom, and recessed canned lighting! Also, this unit has large closets (walk-in closet in the bedroom) and a white-tiled bathroom. What is so unique about this unit is because it is located on the top-floor it is very quiet and private. Lastly, the BAY VIEWS are beautiful! 
To view this unit please contact the on-site manager Lana at  show contact info
 
Please visit our website at www.copelandparkproperties.com
No pets please. 
Located in Prime Pacific Heights, 1770 Broadway is a one of a kind, stately 1920's building. Boasting a large marble entrance, 1770 Broadway is located between Gough and Franklin Street. 1770 Broadway is within walking distance of many of San Francisco's finest restaurants, coffee shops, and public transportation accessing the entire Bay Area (available on Van Ness...one block to the east. 
Amenities Include: 
-On Site Manager 
-Elevator service 
-Central Laundry Facility 
-Card Key Access 
-Exterior and interior finishes which define 'old world charm' 
Included In Rent: Water, Heat and Garbage 
This unit is dedicated as non-smoking 
Parking Available for $295.00
Pictures below of the living room, kitchen, view, bedroom, front of the building, lobby of building 
1770 Broadway received a 97% on walking score! Please visit http://www.walkscore.com/score/1770-Broadway-Street-San-Francisco

Date Posted: October 08, 2018 at 12:30
Price: $4250
Latitude: 37.795376
Longitude: -122.426231
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
