$2195 / 466ft2 - STUDIO~Near Union Square!Urban Paradise|TEXT MELODY|$1500 SD Special (lower nob hill)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Please TEXT:  Melody Simpson @  show contact info
 or GO TO:   www.pradorents-melody.com to Request a Showing!

$2195.00per month
704 Bush Street , San Francisco , CA 94109
FEATURES
Bedrooms: 0Bathrooms: 1Located on Floor #: 2Unit 211 Floors in Bldg: 4Square Footage: 466Parking Spaces: 0Pets Allowed: Cats, DogsDESCRIPTION:  Walk steps from your new studio and you will be in the Heart of the City! Enjoy all the City has to offer and come home to this cozy studio you can call home! Unit features:- Hardwood floors throughout- additional closet in hallway- - Separate Kitchen and bathroom-Nice Kitchen-bathroom with tub Leasing Details:- Security Deposit Special:  $1500.00- Available Date:  Now!- 12 month lease minimum- International students welcome!- Student and co-signers OK- Monthly pet rent applies- $75 a month for Dogs, $50 a month for Cats- $500 Pet Deposit Additional features of the property include:Rent controlledOnline resident servicesElevatorOn site managerNO SMOKINGCats, Dogs OK- Breed and weight restrictions applyNO Laundry on site Located at the bustling intersection of the Union Square and Nob Hill neighborhoods at Bush and Powell Streets, this superbly situated apartment complex offers a unique San Francisco lifestyle. This superb location is a two block walk to Union Square, where world class shopping, famous hotels, top restaurants and major theaters and playhouses can all be enjoyed.The building provides an excellent home base for discovering the many pleasures San Francisco has to offer. Close to public transit and San Francisco's historic Cable Cars, the area is extremely well-served by MUNI. Only 6 blocks from the Powell Street Station where BART and underground MUNI trains can take you almost anywhere in San Francisco or the Bay Area!!- Walk Score of 99: "Walkers Paradise. Daily errands do not require a car."- Transit Score of 100: "Riders Paradise. World-class public transportation.- Bike Score of 65: "Bikeable. Very steep hills, excellent bike lanes."The unit is in a classic building that is professionally managed and is conveniently situated to provide quick access to Union Square and the Financial District.Prestigious Nob Hill and the Financial District are a short walk. The Academy of Art University has a thriving campus directly across the street. No Laundry in the Building- Only a few doors down! Local Markets nearby for groceries. Trader Joe's walkable as well! A few notable Hot Spots:- Huntington Park- Tunnel Top- Bouche- Belden Lane- Union Square- The Theater District- The Starlight Room Please note: This is a similar unit to that which is available. RENTAL UNIT AMENITIES
RefrigeratorHardwood Floors
Stove
BUILDING AMENITIES
On-site ManagerOTHER PRICING DETAILS
Available Date:  NOW! Minimum Lease:   1 YearIncluded Utilities:   None 

Please NOTE:  Units move FAST!  We do our best to keep up with the ever changing availability.  Sometimes, photos may be of a similar unit and pricing can change without notice.  Pricing and Availability will be confirmed with Melody at time of tour.  Thank you!

Date Posted: September 20, 2018 at 09:21
Price: $2195
Latitude: 37.790160
Longitude: -122.408786
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 466
