$1900 / 1br - Fully furnished 1br with private bath in chic coliving space (downtown / civic / van ness)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Hey there! We're launching a beautiful, community living space inside a boutique hotel and are looking for great people to live here with us. We have a number of rooms available for short and longer-term stays (1 month minimum)! Couples are welcome! Sadly, pets are not. 
This is really convenient for people who are new to town, don't have a lot of furniture and/or are looking for a place to call home while looking for something more permanent. 
The whole building is newly renovated, fully furnished, and professionally staffed. The rooms are located in the same building as a small hotel and the entrance to the apartment is through the hotel lobby. You'll rent a private room that has it's own private bathroom. Additionally you'll have access to a large, beautiful shared common space available exclusively to OpenDoor residents. This common space includes a gorgeous living room with huge bay windows, hardwood floors, and a fully furnished kitchen, stocked with a Vitamix blender, non-stick pans, brand new dish ware, DISHWASHER, cooking utensils and everything else you could need to cook up something great! + All utilities, cable TV, and building-wide wifi are included! 
Here's what comes with the rooms
- New Queen Size bed and frame from Tuft and Needle, complete with pillows, duvet, side table, small desk + chair
- Private bathroom with sink, tub + shower with bath mat and shower curtain
- A 4k Samsung TV with cable
- Large closet
- Building-wide security
Do you only need a place for a short while? We can accommodate your stay as long as its 1 month or longer. Here are our rent rates (cable, wifi, and all utilities included): 
1 month minimum lease at $2200/ month
3 month lease at $2100/ month 
12 months at $1900/month -
About Us
We're OpenDoor and we put together beautiful, community-centered, coliving homes + apartments (learn more here http://opendoor.io/portfolio/eddy-street/). We go beyond standard property management - our goal is to make living easier and more collaborative, affordable and community centered; from beautifully furnished common areas, regular cleanings, and business-class wifi; to engaging community programming, food and events.
We value diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive community which respects and embraces all individuals. We welcome people of all races, religions, color, national origins, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status to explore living here.
If this sounds like your cup of tea, please reach out to us and respond with your email address, phone number, and some times that work for you to come see our space. We'd love to show you around!

Date Posted: October 31, 2018 at 17:06
Price: $1900
Latitude: 37.783311
Longitude: -122.417529
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
