$10000 / 2br - Fabulously Restored 2BR/2BA Flat with 3 Fireplaces, 2 Living Rooms (pacific heights)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Furnished, 1st Floor 2BR/2BA Flat
* $10,000/month annual lease
* short-term monthly rent negotiable
* 3-month minimum
* Garaged parking space
* 3 fireplaces
* Double living room
* Formal dining room
* Sauna
* Available: Negotiable
ADDRESS: 1828 Pacific
A Taste of Versailles in San Francisco's Pacific Heights! Fabulously Restored 2BR/2BA Flat with 3 Fireplaces, 2 Living Rooms, Dining Room, Sauna and Parking Space!
Opulent Pacific Heights furnished flat is truly fit for royalty. Both the Queen Anne Victorian and flat have been painstakingly restored. The attention to detail in restoring the flat to its original condition has to be seen to be believed. From floor to ceiling, not an inch has been overlooked.
You are greeted at the entry and throughout the flat with beautiful, leaded stained glass windows. Inlaid Brazilian cherry wood parquet glows a deep, rich red. Separated by sliding wooden doors, three large, adjoining rooms front the flat, two living rooms and the dining room. A broad corridor with cabinets and side tables connects and complements them, and each room has its own ornate, distinctly unique fireplace. Wall colors and light fixtures are unique to each of these three rooms as well. The third room farthest from the entrance, the dining room, has a magnificent 10-seat dining table, Baroque inset credenza, cabinets, and trompe l'oeil wall design.
Both bedrooms face north and receive morning and evening sun. The master bedroom has a broad bay window and extensive wall closets. The master bath has both clawfoot tub and separate glass-enclosed shower. The second bedroom includes access to a balcony, and the second bath, with shower over tub, is just outside the bedroom's entrance.
Gourmet kitchen has top-of-the-line appliances, including a high-tech nine-burner gas stove, seated counter space on the four-side marble counter top, numerous cabinets and shelves, and leaded glass sliding doors which separate it from the flat's main corridor.
The flat has a second, lower level with both sauna and steam room. Lease includes one parking space in the building's garage.
Great location within 2-3 blocks of the heart of Polk Street's shopping and dining area, Lafayette Park, and many bus lines, including the 47 and 49 Van Ness, 1 California, 19 Polk and the California Street Cable Car. 5-6 blocks and you're close to the heart of Fillmore Street's great dining and shopping district, and the start of Union Street's. Both Walk and Transit Scores are 94.
Tenant pays a one-time broker's fee.
Everest Mwamba
BRE# 01717299
Kenney & Everest Real Estate
BRE# 01984640show contact info
 officeshow contact info
 cell
Apply at everestmwamba . com

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 09:56
Price: $10000
Latitude: 37.794547
Longitude: -122.425341
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: NA
