$3942 / 1br - 728ft2 - Quartz Countertops, Close To BART And Muni, Walk-In Closets (mission district)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 x 37OR Text 37 to  show contact info
 to text our leasing team. This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 728 Sq. Ft.  Welcome to Vara, a stylish residential community featuring new studio, 1-, 2- and 3-bedroom apartments in San Francisco's Mission District. Spacious layouts and premium amenities welcome you home, along with exceptional service and an ideal location within walking distance to shopping, dining and entertainment options. Are you looking for an apt for rent in San Francisco? Enjoy the perks of interior features such as gourmet kitchens with hardwoodstyle cabinets, stainless steel appliances, and beautiful quartz countertops. Just steps from your door you can take advantage of community features like a tech room for getting work done, a courtyard for socializing and lounging, and a state-of-the-art fitness center for working out. Vara is a chic retreat located in one of San Francisco's most desirable neighborhoods. Welcome home.  Features: Walk-In Closets*, Gourmet Kitchen With Hardwood-Style Cabinets In 4 Finish Options And Stainless Steel Basin Sink With Pullout Spray Faucet, Many Floor Plans With Flex Space (Extra Bedroom, Office, Den Or Expanded Living Space), In-Home Washers And Dryers, Vibrant San Francisco City Views*, Quartz Countertops, Variety Of Unique Floorplans, Some Featuring Lofts And / Or Dens, Expansive Double Pane Windows, Private Patios Or Balconies*, High Ceilings, Stainless Steel Appliances Including Dishwasher, Refrigerator, Glass Top Oven And Built-In Microwave, Hardwood-Style Plank Flooring, Abundant Phone, TV And High-Speed Data Ports  *Varies By Floorplan And Location Community Amenities: Storage Units Available, Easy Access To Bay Bridge And 101 & 280 Freeways, Fitness Center With Health Club-Quality Equipment Including Built In Xbox 360 And Kinect System, Abundant Bicycle Parking And Bike Repair Shop Including Fully Equipped Workbench, Free Wi-Fi In Common Area Locations, Walking Distance To Vibrant Mission District Shopping, Dining And Entertainment Options, Clubhouse With Catering Kitchen And Professional-Quality Bar With High End Sound System, Courtyard With Social Seating Areas, Barbecue, Lounge & Sunning Hill, Close To BART And Muni, Tech Room / Meeting Room With A Sound-Proof Music Practice Room And A Private Tele-Conference Room, Smoke-Free Community, Controlled Building Access, Garage Parking With Car Lockers  Pet Policy: Pet Friendly (Restrictions Apply) Want more information on this unit? See link (below):http://cl.greystar.com/7b790hEqual Housing Opportunity 7FPEi3Ux6fs8

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 17:08
Price: $3942
Latitude: 37.772500
Longitude: -122.414700
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 728
