$3600 / 1br - 1000ft2 - 6 MONTH LEASE OK NEW APT NR LINCOLN HS FR. LYCEE CAN BE FURNISHED NOV (sunset / parkside)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
If you're moving to the Bay Area for a limited period, or long-term but not had time to find your permanent home, this is a great option.  As long as you see this posting, my apartment is available as I will delete it as soon as it is rented. TEXT me, Martin, at  show contact info
 to view it by appointment.  
THE APARTMENT -  New apartment, almost 1000 sq ft on the ground floor of my 2-story house: one bedroom and a full-size living room (which can be a 2nd bedroom but is the only door to garden), a dining area, den/study/or office, a second computer nook, a fully-modern and equipped kitchen, and a large enclosed back yard & garden. Also a full-size laundry room which is shared only with the apartment upstairs. This is a private home not an apartment house, and I put in the best of everything - granite counters in the kitchen, built-in microwave, gas stove, marble walls & pedestal sink in the bathroom, all bamboo hardwood floors, walk-in closet, etc. Furniture in photos belongs to my current tenant as they had their own, and will be replaced by mine currently stored. (If you have your own furniture I will lower the price.) I have a beautiful large collection of art and carpets - you may choose whatever strikes your fancy! All linens & kitchenware. You can choose from my fine art collection, carpets (if you have no pets), and other items. Or rent or bring in your own furnishings for a discount on the monthly rent. Available November 1 or thereafter as my current tenant of 3 years just moved out of the City last Saturday and I am redoing the interior - painting, refinishing beautiful wooden floors, gardens, etc. If you wish to commit for a shorter period, we can renegotiate the length of our agreement.
AMENITIES - The apartment opens directly onto an enormous all-enclosed garden & yard (perfect for pets), about the size of the house itself. No garage space because there is always plenty of street parking here, so we use it for storage, bikes, the laundry, etc. We have a forced air heating system but it hardly ever gets too hot or too cold.
THE NEIGHBORHOOD - is residential & ultra-safe, close to public transportation and plenty of street parking. Great coffee shops, restaurants, and shopping streets nearby (Noriega, Taraval, & Irving, from 9th to 32nd Avenues. We're across from Lincoln H.S., 3 short blocks from the new Lycee Francaise on 19th Ave, a short bus or bike ride to Stonestown Mall; SFSU, around the corner from a synagogue & a Lutheran church, and not far from the Alice Fong Chinese American public school. It's not far from UCSF (but public transportation to UC Med Center is less than direct). We're 2 short blocks from the jogging/dog-walking path around the 24th Ave reservoir which has a beautiful view of the Pacific Ocean & GG Bridge, not far from the now-famous Moraga Mosaic Steps up to Grandview Park with 360* view of the entire city, and 8 blocks from Golden Gate Park, both of which are great for biking, jogging and pet walks.
MUNI & FREEWAYS - On the corner are both Muni buses 48 & 66, and the 19th Ave line is 3 short blocks away. Major streetcars are nearby (Taraval, Noriega, the N Judah) all not far from the West Portal terminal. Easy access to I-280 & 101 if you're driving south to the Peninsula, or north to Marin. It could be as little as 15 minutes to get to or from the Oakland Bay Bridge even during rush hour because Oak & Fell are one-way with staggered lights.
TERMS - 6-month renewable month-to-month lease. Shorter term can be negotiated, especially if you use your own or rented furniture.  No smokers, or big partying people. A lover of gardening will be especially happy because of the great garden in the back and another small one at the entrance. DSL/Broadband & cable TV are already installed, landline telephone line if you need it. We split utilities, which aren't much - barely $100 a month covers gas, electric, water, & trash. Cable &; internet are separate but you pay only half as it's shared with upstairs.
TO SEE APT - I'm having an Open House today, Saturday at 1 or tomorrow, Sunday morning, but please text me for the address, & with a time so we don't get bottled up since the contractor left equipment over the weekend. Texting my cell is better than calling or email. Although my tenant left the City she's happy to to talk with you, so you can ask her anything.  
Martin (text)  show contact info

Date Posted: September 28, 2018 at 09:32
Price: $3600
Latitude: 37.749892
Longitude: -122.479312
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 1000
