$3200 / 3br - Home Is Where You get a large 3 bd, 2 br house in scenic location! (San Pablo)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Located in San Pablo in West Contra Costa County off Interstate 80, minutes away from the Bay Area cultural centers of Berkeley, Oakland and San Francisco is a move-in ready 3-Bedroom, 2-Bathroom single family home for rent located at 2689 Limerick Road. 
This charming 3/2 home features plenty of natural light, off-street parking, a garage, as well as a large fenced-in backyard with a Pergola that is perfect for outdoor entertaining, as well as plenty of space for outdoor fun with the kids, as well as gardening space too. 
Property features a vast array of fruit trees for constant enjoyment, relaxation and comfort. Large backyard for entertaining, barbecues and dining. Gardeners delight for those that love the outdoors. 
Large bonus room for family entertainment, home office or Yoga Room setup! Bonus is very spacious for creative types that need extra space for various needs. 
San Pablo is located less than one hour away from international airports in Oakland and San Francisco. Access to BART and Amtrak are only minutes away, as well as the San Pablo Lytton Casino and many other activities including the Wildcat Canyon Regional Park. 
Nestled between the cities of Pinole and Richmond and the neighboring cities of El Cerrito and Hercules this 3/2 single family rental home in San Pablo is the perfect place to hang your hat! 
Enjoy all the amenities the area has to offer including restaurants, museums, retail stores, and various medical related services located throughout the City. 
Contact us today for more information and/or to schedule a showing of this elaborate 3 bedroom, 2 bathroom single family home located at 2689 Limerick Road in San Pablo. 
Lease Requirements: 
•	Minimum 1 year lease of $3500 per month 
•	Security deposit of $3900 required. 
•	Tenant is required to carry renters insurance and list owner/landlord as additional insured 
•	Pets okay with permission 
•	Tenant pays electric, gas, cable / landlord pays garbage 
•	Credit, Eviction and Full Background Check performed, $40 per adult applicant 
Rental Terms
Rent: $3,200
Application Fee: $40
Security Deposit: $3,300
Available Now
Pet Policy
Cats allowed
Dogs allowed
CALL!
openworldproperties.comshow contact info
 Ext. 7

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 11:04
Price: $3200
Latitude: 37.972400
Longitude: -122.336900
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: NA
