$3950 / 2br - 900ft2 - Large, Quiet, Remodeled 2 BR, Big Eat-in Kitchen, Laundry Onsi (nob hill)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
 Contact info: Property Manager |  show contact info
 |  show contact info
 
Spacious, Very Quiet, Remodeled 2 BR, 1 BA Nob Hill apt with a large living room, hardwood floors, gorgeous eat-in Kitchen with all full-size stainless steel Appliances, and 2 large bedrooms with roomy closets; coin-operated Laundry Room in building too
1470 California St, San Francisco, CA 94109
$3,950/mo
 KEY FEATURES Year Built:  1929Sq Footage:  900 sqft.Bedrooms:  2 BedroomsBathrooms:  1 BathParking:  NoneLease Duration:  1 Year (See Details Below)Deposit:  $6100Pets Policy:  Cats OKLaundry:  SharedFloor:  2ndProperty Type:  ApartmentDESCRIPTION
 AVAILABILITY: Ready for new tenants to move in by October 14th   SHOWINGS: By Appointment only during weekdays between 12pm to 6pm - Call or Email to arrange a showing  
 OFFERING: A spacious, remodeled, very quiet 2 bedrooms, 1 bath apartment located on the 2nd floor of a 4 story building in the heart of Nob Hill. This gorgeous apartment is located away from California Street and is very quiet. You won't hear the traffic noise from California Street!  Other quality finishes throughout the unit include the following: gorgeous, remodeled kitchen with all stainless steel appliances, granite countertops, lots of wood kitchen cabinets, gas stove, and dishwasher too; bathroom with bath tub and marble floor and walls. Gorgeous real wood hardwood floors throughout the apartment. GREAT LOCATION: This very nice Nob Hill apartment is located on California Street between Larkin Street and Hyde Street. It is located within 1/2 block from Trader Joes and CVS Pharmacy. It is also conveniently located near the Polk Street corridor of restaurants, shops, stores, and banks. Located within walking distance to Union Square, North Beach, Chinatown, and close proximity to several Academy of Art facilities in the city. AMENITIES INCLUDE THE FOLLOWING: - Spacious living room for entertainment 
 - Real hardwood floors throughout the entire apartment
 - 2 large and quiet bedrooms with ample closet space; 1 of the bedroom has a spacious walk-in closet
 - Large eat-in Kitchen with room for a kitchen table, all stainless steel, full-size appliances including a gas stove, fridge, microwave, and dishwasher.  Ample wood cabinets for storage and granite countertops.
 - Elegant bathroom with beautiful tile floors and walls, a bathtub with overhead shower, and a window for good ventilation
 - Large linen closet in the hallway
 - Double pane Windows throughout the unit for added warmth and quietness 
 - Tall Ceilings throughout the apartment (10ft high ceilings) - Mini blinds included throughout the apartment - On-site Resident Manager lives in the building and available to assist you - Coin-operated laundry facility located within the building  - Comcast cable ready for cable TV and high speed internet access - Beautiful, period architectural detailing and trim throughout the interior of the apartment building - Well maintained, elegant, and very clean apartment building; shows pride of ownership! IMPORTANT NOTE: This 2 BR apt is located towards the back of the building so it is very quiet and you will not hear the traffic noises from California St. However, this unit does not get an abundance of natural sunlight since there are adjacent buildings.  TRANSPORTATION: - Convenient public transportation and only minutes from Downtown SF and to the Financial District with the California Street Cable Car line and centrally located with nearby bus lines including: - # 1 California St Muni bus line on Sacramento St - # 27 bus on Hyde St - a few short blocks away are the: # 1, # 31, and the # 38 Geary bus line on Pine St as well as the # 47, # 49 and # 76 on Van Ness Avenue SHOPPING: TRADER JOE'S Food Market and CVS Pharmacy - A Trader Joe's Food Market and CVS Phramacy are conveniently located just 1/2 block away from the building for your convenience!!  PARKING: There is no parking within the building. Parking is available via street parking and there are at least 6 to 10 private, enclosed, and secure parking garages and facilities located within 1 to 6 blocks from the building for a monthly rental fee. LAUNDRY ROOM: A convenient Coin-operated laundry room is located within the building for Tenants use only VIEWING APPOINTMENTS: Send us an email to schedule a private viewing during the day and early evening. Please send an email to:  show contact info
 if you are interested in setting up an appointment to see this very nice 1 bedroom Nob Hill apartment!RENTAL FEATURESLiving room
Walk-in closet
Storage space
Range / Oven
Refrigerator
Dishwasher
Stainless steel appliances
Cable-ready
High-speed internet
Wired
Hardwood floor
Tile floor
Granite countertop
High / Vaulted ceiling
COMMUNITY FEATURESVintage building
Gated entry
Near transportation
On-street parking
 LEASE TERMS  UTILITIES: Tenants pays for gas & electricity only; Owner pays for water and garbage PETS: Cats only are welcome with a Pet Security Deposit of $700.00 for 1 Cat  STUDENTS: Full-time Students are welcome with a qualified Guarantor (Co-Signer)Contact info:  Property Manager show contact info
 show contact info

Date Posted: October 11, 2018 at 16:17
Price: $3950
Latitude: 37.791700
Longitude: -122.418600
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 900
