$6825 / 4br - 1590ft2 - VALENCIA CORRIDOR|CLOSE TO TECH SHUTTLE|$3000 SD (mission district)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
TEXT Melody Simpson @ show contact info
 or GO TO:  www.pradorents-melody.com to Request a Showing!
SECURITY DEPOSIT SPECIAL"  $3000.00 
5th ROOM ~Come see for yourself! Home SWEET Home! 
CALL MELODY TODAY!!!!   show contact info
 CELL#TEXT
Welcome to 956 Valencia in THE MISSION!
Ultra-hip, and ever evolving, the Mission is a flourishing neighborhood that embraces its deep cultural roots while dashing into the future. Here, long-standing bodegas, dive bars, and taquerias comfortably rub shoulders with trendy boutiques, quirky storefronts, and high-tech cuisine. The Mission is a Renaissance--a progressive intersection of cultures, art, food, thought, and a greener existence. 
The Mission experience is an eclectic blend of grit and glitz. Coffee is a way of life and local roasters like Ritual and Four Barrel will see to it that you never go without. Valencia Street has come to be known as Restaurant Row, filled with everything from dive bars, food trucks, and taquerias to acclaimed restaurants and fine drinking establishments like Limon, Delfina, Abbott's Cellar, and Trick Dog.  Inventive patisseries like Craftsman & Wolves and Tartine offer delicious treats while nearby Bi-Rite Market makes your everyday grocery shopping easy.
The area is also home to amazing shopping; high-end home décor stores like Aldea and Monument, quirky storefronts like Paxton Gate and 826 Valencia, and trendy boutiques like Dema and Therapy line Valencia Street. The Mission also has the city's largest concentration of murals and street art, which proudly decorates buildings, fences, garage doors, alleys, and even the ground you walk on. And let's not forget movies at the Roxie, live music at The Chapel, Amnesia, and Make Out Room, and theater at The Marsh or Brava Theater Center. There's never a shortage of things to explore--all just outside your door.
The Mission embraces its cultural roots while laying the groundwork for tomorrow's next best thing, and 956 Valencia is at the center of it all.

Date Posted: October 18, 2018 at 09:54
Price: $6825
Latitude: 37.757701
Longitude: -122.421194
Bedrooms: 4
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 1590
