$5500 / 2br - 1220ft2 - Beautiful 2bedroom - 2 bath for rent @ Madrone, SF (SOMA / south beach)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Madrone - a luxury resort living in the heart of San Francisco's Mission Bay! This modern 2 bedroom and 2 bath private condo, offers a split open floor plan that extends to 2 separate private bedroom and patios that provide extended indoor-outdoor lifestyle like a villa. The patios overlook an open-air sundeck, lap pool, and jacuzzi, all within manicured gardens with BBQ pits, on the same third-floor level, with no street noise. It gives you the feeling of having an extended open air backyard but within the safe compounds of the building. Highlights of the unit include double-pane windows with Hunter Douglas shades, in-unit Whirlpool Duet washer & dryer. Chef's kitchen with Bosch appliances (microwave included), Thermador refrigerator, custom pot rack. Both the rooms, bathroom and coat closet has been updated with customized closets from Closet Factory which allows for better storage including lots of room for your footwear. The unit has been updated with customized light fixtures for the living room and dining area along with a TV wall-mount (optional). It also comes with a customized crockery and glassware display in the living room. 
Master bedroom includes a spacious ensuite and walk-in closet ; the guest bedroom is of a generous size with a spacious closet. Top-of-the-line finishes & fixtures, superior amenities in a stellar location. The unit also comes with one EV parking spot, a storage unit and a bike rack. Madrone Mission Bay creates a resort environment of that includes 24/7 concierge attended lobbies and security controlled access. Amenities include a 75 ft. pool, gymnasium, dry/wet sauna, resident lounge, pool table, office / conference room, and a private movie theater (all conveniently located from the unit). Mission Bay is ideally located steps from the Bay in SF's newest and safest neighborhood, with the best weather! Enjoy easy access to restaurants, public transportation (bus/Metro), free Mission Bay Shuttle to/from downtown, freeways, airports, shopping, mini golf, parks, UCSF Hospital, AT&T Park, SPARK and the new Chase Center, future home of the Golden State Warriors!!! 
SMOCKING IS NOT PERMITTED.

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 14:53
Price: $5500
Latitude: 37.769400
Longitude: -122.386700
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1220
