$3625 / 1br - 744ft2 - AMAZING 1BD 1BTH! GREAT AMENTITIES CABLE&WIFI INCLUDED! AVAILABLE NOW! (SOMA / south beach)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Unwind in Your New Home Move In. Stand Out Call Now:  show contact info
L Seven 1222 Harrison Street, San Francisco, CA, 94103Interested in more information? Visit link below:http://fairfield-apts.com/7z6z66 This is a Studio, 1 Bath, approximately 445 Sq. Ft.  At L Seven Apartments, we strive to build, create, and perfect everything we touch. We know brilliant minds need space, but also need to connect interact with each other. That's why we've curated a space for you to live, sleep, work, and play.Find the perfect brand new apartment that truly expresses your personality. Start by selecting the studio, one or two bedroom apartment that fits your lifestyle. Then personalize your new space by choosing which of our four unique finish packages inspires you. Each home features polished quartz counters, custom kitchen tile backsplashes, stainless steel appliances, wood-inspired plank or concrete flooring, expansive windows, and much more.Features - Views of Downtown San Francisco*  - Keyless Entry Front Door  - Four Custom Finish Packages  - Wood Look Plank Flooring or Polished Concrete Flooring in Living Areas  - Polished Quartz Countertops  - Kitchen Tile Backsplash  - Private Direct Access Garage*  - USB Charging Outlets  - In-home Front Loading Washer and Dryer  - Comcast Internet Blast Package and HD Digital Cable Community Amenities - Fitness Center with Variety of Strength and Cardio Equipment Plus TRX Wall  - Resident Lounge Featuring Hospitality Station, Coworking Spaces, and Complimentary WiFi  - Leed Silver Certified Community  - Private Conference and Meeting Rooms  - Rooftop Game Lounge with Ping Pong, Scrabble, and Life Sized Connect Four  - Rooftop Beer Garden with Kegerator, Green Wall, and Outdoor Television  - Rooftop BBQ Terrace with Outdoor Heating and City Views  - Rooftop Firepit Lounge with Built-in Seating  - Underground Parking Garage with Elevators Pet Policy We welcome you & your best friend, too!Looking for a new home for you & your pet? We are one of the few pet friendly communities in the area & enthusiastically welcome you & your pet (some restrictions apply).Pet Overview: Dogs & cats, including puppies & kittens under 1 year, are welcome at our community. Pet residents must have their health check & shots, and be spayed or neutered by 6 months of age. A signed animal addendum is required to be on file at our leasing office. Two (2) max pets allowed.Fee, Deposit and Pet Rent: $200 non-refundable fee and $200 pet deposit. Pet rent is $25 per month. (All fees, deposits and charges noted above are per pet.)Additional Details: We also welcome your domestic pet if it is a bird or fish with written approval from our onsite management team. No reptiles or exotic animals please. Fish tanks are not to exceed 55 gallons.Support Animals: If the animal is a service animal for a disabled person, pet deposits are not necessary & breed restrictions do not apply. A signed Letter Regarding Support Animals from a qualified professional verifying the need for the service animal along with proof of current rabies shots and licenses (if legally applicable) is required.Breed Restrictions: We welcome all breeds of dogs, except the following breed or mixed breed: Akita, Alaskan Malamute, Chow, Doberman Pinscher, German Shepherd, Great Dane, Husky, Pit Bull Terriers*, Rottweiler, Saint Bernard & Wolf Dog Hybrids.* (including all Pit Bull breeds - American Pit Bull Terriers, American or Irish Staffordshire Terriers, Bull Terriers, Pit Bulls, American Bull Dogs, & Presa Canario.) We reserve the right to add additional restricted breeds at any time. Driving Directions Driving westbound on I-80 from Bay Bridge. Take exit 1C towards Harrison Street. Destination should be on the right.Driving north from San Jose on US-101 N. Take 7th Street exit and drive to Harrison. Office Hours Monday-Friday 9 am to 7 pmSaturday & Sunday 11 am to 5 pm Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. Equal Housing Opportunity Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. uy19h3CAmZcV

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 12:21
Price: $3625
Latitude: 37.773545
Longitude: -122.408789
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 744
