$2900 / 500ft2 - Noe Valley Furnished Studio with Full Kitchen & In-Unit Washer Dryer (noe valley)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Furnished, clean and well-equipped studio apartment with en suite washer and dryer, full kitchen, and a lovely front patio and backyard garden.  We're walking distance from the city's light rail and regional train lines, as well as some of the best shopping, night life, architecture, and neighborhood feel.  
*** 31 Day Minimum Stay ***
The main room includes the bedroom with Queen size bed, writing desk, fold-out sofa, sitting chair, 2 closets, and dining bar with two seats.  The main room is open to the fully equipped kitchen (stove, dishwasher, refrigerator, coffee maker, French press, coffee grinder, microwave). The TV is a Samsung flat screen with cable TV channels and a nice DVD library.  
Down the hallway you'll find the spacious bath with linens provided (remodeled in March 2018), and further down the hallway, there is a laundry room with additional storage.  Yes,  the washer and dryer is just for you.  
The front garden has a bistro table and chairs.  The backyard has a big patio and a garden and table and chairs and hammock.  Perfect for relaxing outside and enjoying the sunshine or the starry nights.
We include maid service about every 2 weeks, or twice per month.  So if you stay for 1 month, the rate includes the maid service before your arrival, as well as half-way through your stay.
The apartment has been thoughtfully furnished with the big things, as well as the little things you might need ... hair dryer, shampoo & soap, laundry detergent, dish soap and dishwasher detergent, umbrellas, iron, ironing board.
We're near 27th and Dolores/Guerrero, at the intersection of three fantastic neighborhoods ... the Mission, Bernal Heights, and Noe Valley.  
Grocery Stores:  The 24-Hour Safeway on Mission St is a 5 minute-walk away, and the Whole Foods on 24th St is a 15-minute walk. The Valencia Market and 26th & Guerrero Market are both on the way home from the BART station.  
It's an easy (very flat) walk from our apartment to 24th St Mission BART or the J-Church to get downtown for cable cars, museums, Chinatown, Union Square, and everything our fair city is known for.    And yes, we are a short walk to the tech shuttle stops.
PRICING
If staying for 6-month lease, the rent is $2900 per month, which includes the maid service every 2 weeks.
If not signing a 6-month lease, then the rent is $3300 per month.
Above includes $250-$375 per month we pay for maid service, as well as $300 per month you'd have to pay in water, electric, gas, trash pickup, cable TV, internet, and phone, at some other place.  So when you subtract those things out, which we are paying for you, that's less than $2400 per month in rent on the 6-month lease.  And when you consider how nicely the place is furnished, from the pots and pans and dishes, down to fresh linens and towels, which you'd otherwise have to buy  ... you've got a pretty awesome deal here.

Date Posted: October 07, 2018 at 16:50
Price: $2900
Latitude: 37.747033
Longitude: -122.424690
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 500
