$4200 / 1br - Spacious and Beautiful Pacific Heights 1 bedroom right by Union/Polk! (pacific heights)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
If this posting is still up - the apartment is still available. Please do not contact to ask if the apartment is still available after reading this, but PLEASE RSVP for showings!
Open Sunday OCT. 14th from 4:30-5:30pm
Beautiful and incredibly spacious 1 bedroom apartment in a original Pacific Heights Victorian building with approx. 11 foot ceilings and abundant period detailing. Newly redone kitchen with stainless steel appliances and new gas range installed after pictures were taken.  Bathroom with double vanity, shower over tub ample storage. Newly refinished authentic hardwood floors and 2 decorative fireplaces (being painted, not reflected in pictures taken two days ago). Stacked washer and dryer in the unit. 24 hour security cameras as well as new doorbell-to-phone intercom system with code for packages. Bike rack, garden enclosed garbage, friendly tenants.
This is a large and luxurious apartment with a separate kitchen and massive open living room, perfect for large sectionals or deep couches and full dining spaces. Shared deck space on this level outside for morning coffee or evening glass of wine.
All of this in a friendly and very well cared for building with on-site management and pride of ownership. The building is newly painted inside and out and truly is in a central location, just blocks from Fillmore, Union, Polk and Chestnut. Lafayette Park is only two blocks away. The building has also undergone a full seismic retrofit with steel and concrete foundation, and sits on bedrock, for those who might be curious about the engineering!
For commuting, there are several close thoroughfares, from Broadway or California East/West to Franklin/Gough/Van Ness from North to South. Quick commute to financial district or Soma. 
Come experience this Pacific Heights gem! 
SFAA Contract will be used. Standard one year term. Standard security deposit of 1.5x rent but can be stretched out of over two installments if necessary. Please bring credentials and all interested parties so that a lease can be signed or the apartment secured.
Unit is available as soon as qualified renter can move in. Move in date flexible, leased parking available a block away - not affiliated with the building. Happy to answer questions.
FAQ:
Utilities: Tenant pays for PG&E and internet - owner pays for water, garbage, professional cleaning of common areas.
Pets: No additional deposit required for pets, but pets are evaluated on a case by case basis, and evidence of training or personality (references, propensity to bark, etc) is always helpful. This is generally a pet friendly building.
Non-smoking building 
Move-in date may be flexible depending on applicant's qualifications and commitment.
Key words:
Victorian, Charming, Huge, Pacific Heights, views, cow hollow, newly painted, remodeled, friendly building, on site, onsite management

Date Posted: September 29, 2018 at 11:41
Price: $4200
Latitude: 37.794243
Longitude: -122.428170
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
