$8495 / 3br - 1820ft2 - SPECTACULAR VIEW and location. 3br/2ba. Elevtors. Ensuite W/D. Parking (pacific heights)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Beautiful, elegant, stylish building  located across the street from Lafayette Park.  Newly re-designed and renovated huge park with  large playground, tennis courts; plenty of grass to spread out your picnic blanket, amazing views, lots of sun and clean, clear air. Dog run. Fantastic WALKABILITY: Walk to upper part of Fillmore Street and catch a movie at  the Clay or Kabuki theatre,  or shop at one of upscale boutiques. This area is also home of several upscale, hip restaurants and numerous coffee houses. Few blocks to Alta Plaza park. City buses as well as Silicon Valley shuttles within short walking distance. Walker's paradise! 
Quiet, very large 3 bedroom apartment with solarium  and  huge west VIEW. Very spacious living room with wood burning fire place and access to ATRIUM with SPECTACULAR VIEW OF GG BRIDGE AND THE BAY.  Chef's  kitchen featuring white, custom-made cabinets, stainless steel, high end, professional appliances and, stacking washer and dryer. Professional VIKING Gas stove and Viking hood. Kitchen opens up to a very large formal, view, dining room. Excellent flow of living room, dining room and kitchen makes entertaining easy and enjoyable. Hardwood parquet floors in pristine shape throughout. 
Master bedroom with its own en-suite, stylish, Art Deco, tiled bathroom features bathtub and stall shower. Guest bathroom opens up to a charming powder room. Both second and third bedrooms are well separated allowing privacy and quiet. Several walk-in closets. High ceilings, crown moldings and Art Deco, well preserved details make this apartment a real gem. Sitting in the sunroom in the afternoon sun, playing tennis at Lafayette Park or taking a leisurely stroll through Pacific Heights or Upper Fillmore seem to be favorite past times. 
Our building features 2 elevators. Shared parking available in building's garage for $295.   Other parking options as well.... please ask us.
Heat, water, garbage included in rent. One year lease required. Cats welcome. Small dogs,  under 20 lbs only, please. 
Cable and internet ready.  On-site manager and super.  Laundry Locker system of 24 hour dry cleaning/wash/fold pickup at the building and returned by 8 am of the next day.  
Super on site.
NO FEE
If interested, please call Mariola at    show contact info

Date Posted: September 22, 2018 at 13:26
Price: $8495
Latitude: 37.792217
Longitude: -122.429447
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1820
