$3130 / 500ft2 - Last One Under $3200! Free Cable/WiFi! W/D Included! (SOMA / south beach)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
TAKE A VIRTUAL TOUR NOW!:
https://my.matterport.com/show/?m=ppyGraxsu2m
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a Studio, 1 Bath, approximately 500 Sq. Ft. 
Since the greatest ideas come from the intersection between creative forces, L Seven also includes a wide variety of social spaces. Three distinct rooftop lounges offer panoramic city views while our beer garden offers you a chance to relax and mingle. Our 24 hour fitness center features state-of-the-art equipment including a TRX training equipment. The resident lounge is the perfect spot to relax or use a community workspace with a variety of seating and USB charging outlets. 
Features:
Keyless Entry Front Door, In-home Front Loading Washer and Dryer, Comcast Internet Blast Package and HD Digital Cable, Wood Look Plank Flooring or Polished Concrete Flooring in Living Areas, Polished Quartz Countertops, Four Custom Finish Packages, USB Charging Outlets, Kitchen Tile Backsplash, Views of Downtown San Francisco*, Private Direct Access Garage* 
Community Amenities:
Rooftop BBQ Terrace with Outdoor Heating and City Views, Fitness Center with Variety of Strength and Cardio Equipment Plus TRX Wall, Private Conference and Meeting Rooms, Resident Lounge Featuring Hospitality Station, Coworking Spaces, and Complimentary WiFi, Rooftop Firepit Lounge with Built-in Seating, Rooftop Game Lounge with Ping Pong, Scrabble, and Life Sized Connect Four, Rooftop Beer Garden with Kegerator, Green Wall, and Outdoor Television, Underground Parking Garage with Elevators, Leed Silver Certified Community Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.
Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. 
Equal Housing Opportunity Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.
Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed.

Date Posted: October 13, 2018 at 18:50
Price: $3130
Latitude: 37.773479
Longitude: -122.409625
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 500
