$12000 / 2br - 2027ft2 - LUXURY 2BR IN EXCLUSIVE BUILDING: Elevator, Doorman, View, Renovated (nob hill)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Agent: Richard Hundgen
BRE#: 00831019
GPK Luxury Real Estate
Mobile:  show contact info
 
SUMMARY
Address: 1170 Sacramento Street, Unit 18A
    2BR/2.5BA
    Rent: $12,000 /month
    Sq.Ft.: 2027
    Lease Term: 1 Year
    Neighborhood: Upper Nob Hill
    Condition: Renovated Throughout
    Exposure: South | East | West
    View: Huntington Park | Grace Cathedral | Flood Mansion | Financial District Skyline
    Property Type: Condominium
    Parking: Attached Enclosed Parking Space
    Pets Allowed: Yes - 1 Pet Under 20lbs
UNIT AMENITIES
Washer & Dryer In-Unit
    Balcony
    Private Elevator
    Wood Burning Fireplace
    Hardwood & Carpet
    Dishwasher
    Stainless Steel Appliances
    Refrigerator
    Granite Countertops
    Freezer
    Range
    Electric Stove
    Baseboard Heating System
    Disposal
THE NOB HILL
1170 Sacramento Street, is a premier Nob Hill location and San Francisco's most sought after 

condominium address. Amenities include an elegantly landscaped drive in entrance with over a dozen

 guest parking spaces, a new fitness room, 24-hour doorman, security person for the service elevator,

 on site management, maintenance and janitorial personnel and valet guest parking.

APARTMENT #18A DESCRIPTION
Apartment #18A, the highest "A" plan, is on the building's southwest corner with stunning views 

of over Huntington Park, the front of Grace Cathedral, some of the Golden Gate Bridge and north 

and south bays.  The apartment has been renovated including the kitchen, bathrooms, wood floors 

in the living room/dining area and recessed lighting. There is a private elevator entrance, high ceilings, 

wood burning fireplace, washer/dryer room, and a balcony off the living room.

NOB HILL NEIGHBORHOOD
Nob Hill is an affluent district, home to many of the city's upper-class families as well as a large 

young urban professional population.The Mark Hopkins Hotel and the Huntington Hotel are located 

one block away at Mason & California. The hotels were named for three of The Big Four, four 

entrepreneurs of the construction of the Central Pacific Railroad: Leland Stanford, Mark Hopkins & 

Collis P. Huntington. The fourth, Charles Crocker has a garage named after him in the neighborhood. 

The Fairmont is also named for a San Francisco tycoon, James G. Fair.Though Nob Hill is a very densely 

built neighborhood, there are parks at which residents and visitors can relax and enjoy the outdoors. The 

most prominent park in the neighborhood is Huntington Park, which takes up an entire block, bounded 

by Sacramento Street to the north, Taylor Street to the west, California Street to the south, and Cushman 

Street to the east. Huntington Park was formerly the site of the mansion of Central Pacific Railroad 

baron Collis P. Huntington; the mansion was destroyed by the 1906 earthquake and fire, however, and 

Mr. Huntington's widow donated the property to the city to establish a park in 1915. Huntington 

Park has a playground for children, landscaping, and several fountains. Washington & Hyde Mini 

Park is situated on a single lot between two apartment buildings on the north side of Washington Street, 

between Hyde Street and Leavenworth Street. Washington & Hyde Mini Park has a playground for 

children, landscaping, and public restrooms.

Date Posted: October 22, 2018 at 00:47
Price: $12000
Latitude: 37.792648
Longitude: -122.411900
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2.5
Sqft: 2027
