$3900 / 5br - Super Large Executive Style Private Home w/ scenic views (El Sobrante)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Located in the East Bay area, situated on almost an acre and a half, this 5- Bedroom, 4-Bath single family home for rent in El Sobrante features picturesque views, a neutral color scheme and an expansive deck that offers the perfect lifestyle for outdoor living and entertaining. 
The amenities of my house are the beautiful along with views, the privacy of the location. The large parking area offers superior privacy and room for large groups. The large deck with hot tub, the private secure courtyard, the proximity of the wonderful park walking distance from the house with athletic club very close to the house. 
Proximity of the house, the upgraded kitchen with Commercial Wolf Range. Property offers in suite jetted tub in master bedroom, close proximity to Orinda Bart only 10 minutes away, only 1/2 hour from downtown San Francisco 
20 minutes from Berkeley. 
Only 20-miles from San Francisco, and the Walnut Creek area, and less than 45-minutes from Wine Country this Contra Costa County home is centrally located offering convenient access to the Orinda BART and I-80. 
Featuring a tranquil atmosphere with a small town feel, enjoy the wildlife, weather, and friendly people in this East Bay Hill Community that provides a quality of life unlike big city, or suburban living. 
A hidden gem in the Bay area this 5/4 El Sobrante rental home is close to all the amenities including San Pablo Reservoir, Wildcat Canyon, Tilden Park as well as numerous restaurants, retail stores and boutiques, and other leisure pursuits. 
If you're looking for the perfect place to call home contact us today for more information and/or to schedule a showing of this idyllic 5-bedroom, 4-bathroom home located at 2531 Heide Court in El Sobrante. 
Lease Requirements: 
Minimum 1 year lease of $3995 per month 
Security deposit of $6200 required. 
Tenant is required to carry renters insurance and list owner/landlord as additional insured 
Pets by approval only, No smoking 
Tenant pays all utilities 
Amenities
Great Views
Updated Kitchen
Front private courtyard
Private Driveway
Rental Terms
Rent: $3,900
Application Fee: $40
Security Deposit: $6,200
Available Now
Pet Policy
Cats allowed
Dogs allowed
CALL!
openworldproperties.comshow contact info
 Ext. 7

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 11:04
Price: $3900
Latitude: 37.465940
Longitude: -122.250366
Bedrooms: 5
Bathrooms: 4
Sqft: NA
