$3239 / 1br - 489ft2 - Modern sinks & distinctive bathroom fixtures, On-site bike storage (potrero hill)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Potrero Launch 2235 Third Street, San Francisco, CA, 94107Follow This Link for More Information:http://cl.greystar.com/hv01xp Call Now:  show contact info
 x 23OR Text 23 to  show contact info
 to text with us.Now Leasing! NEW APARTMENT HOMES, in San Francisco, California.  This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 489 Sq. Ft.  Potrero Launch features a collection of urban loft style apartments located in the vibrant central waterfront Dogpatch neighborhood of San Francisco. Each apartment offers a choice of spectacular views ranging from the City, The Bay, Potrero Hill or the Zen garden. Many of our apartment homes have oversized windows framing these remarkable views.Stroll to our rooftop Sky Lounge and over into our open-concept social room with demonstration kitchen. Energize in our fully-equipped 24/7 fitness club, and get your Om on in either our yoga studio or professionally landscaped Zen garden. Ready to venture farther? The best of the city is just outside your front door, with the unique neighborhood watering holes and eateries of Dogpatch, plus easy access to Muni, BART & CalTrain to explore San Francisco and beyond. Features - Stained & polished concrete flooring  - Private outdoor balconies*  - In-home washers & dryers  - Central heating & cooling  - Generous ceiling heights of up to 9'-6"  - Expansive windows with bay & city views  - Stainless steel appliances including gas range  - Italian tile backsplash  - Custom industrial lighting & ceiling fans  - Gourmet kitchens with upgraded European cabinetry  - Modern sinks & distinctive bathroom fixtures  - Contemporary over-sized 8' barn doors  - Large walk-in showers with tile surround* Community Amenities - Social lounge with large demonstration kitchen  - Rooftop dog run  - Enclosed garage parking with controlled access  - Professionally landscaped Zen Garden at the center of the community  - Additional storage space for rent  - Valet waste service (door-to-door service)  - Industrial chic retreat in the heart of Dogpatch  - Sky lounge / roof deck with amazing bay & city views  - Online payments available  - On-site bike storage  - LuxeOne package management service  - Concierge & turn-key management services  - Fully-equipped, ultra-modern fitness studio & yoga room Office Hours Monday-Saturday:9:00AM-6:00PMSunday:12:00PM-5:00PM Pet Policy Pets Welcome! Breed Restrictions Apply Equal Housing Opportunity 6nkob4bVQX

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 12:28
Price: $3239
Latitude: 37.761324
Longitude: -122.388640
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 489
