$5250 / 2br - 1599ft2 - Modern Living Unit in Hampshire! (624 Hampshire St.)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Located within desirable Inner Mission, this home radiates natural light from floor to ceiling.  The exceptional open architecture flows with energy inside and out.  Landscaped garden areas, gardener included. The polished concrete floors with radiant heat below brings the New York style of living to the west coast
Accommodates Commutes to Downtown San Francisco; across the Bay Bridge; down to the South Bay by car or shuttle; or to the new UCSF campus, the transportation options and access are plentiful. 
The building has great proximity to the Google shuttle, other tech shuttles, Caltrain, BART, freeways and Zuckerberg General Hospital.
Highlights include Mission culinary options or the Dogpatch, the nightlife of SOMA, the baseball park in Mission Bay, the interior design stores within the Design Center, or the neighborhood parks, coffee shops, this oasis packs a punch of variety and high class living.
LEASE TERMS: 
12 months
PET POLICY:
No Pets, exceptions may be made per Client. (under 25 lbs.)
BUILDING INFORMATION:
1675 Square Feet.
Year Built: 1900 
Heating
Flooring- Concrete
Equal Housing Opportunity
Fantastic Walkscore, New Construction, New, Luxury, Studio, Comfortable, Spacious, Bright, Natural Light, Convenient, Local, Wifi, Bart, Uber Hip, Deck, Quartz Counter-Tops, Out-Door Kitchen, Stainless Steel Appliances, Roof-Top Deck, BBQ Grills, 1 Bedroom, 2 Bedroom, Den, 1 Bd, 2bd, Patio, Happy-Hour, Amenities, Downtown, Civic Center, Parking, Muni, Washer Dryer, Market, Twitter, Marina, Square, Pet-Friendly, Balcony, Special, Walk-In Shower, Walk-In Closet, Gas Range, Special, High-Speed Internet, Webpass, Hayes Valley, SOMA, Alamo Square, Downtown, Financial District, Transit, Vinyl Plank, Bike Path, Bike Trail, Gym, Square, Fitness Center, Green, Floor to Ceiling Windows, Deal, Private, Courtyard, Heated, Heat, Fire-Pit, South Beach, Professional, Friendly Concierge, Doorman, Ada Accessible, NOPA, Elevators, Haight, Controlled-Access, Pacific, Potrero, Lounge Areas, Mission, Close To Cafes, Restaurants, Bars, Art Institute, Academy Of Art, Sf Conservatory, UC Hastings, Symphony, Ballet, View, Mid-Market.

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 11:33
Price: $5250
Latitude: 37.750900
Longitude: -122.415300
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 1599
