$2000 Relax... Hire a relocation agent (russian hill)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Looking for an apartment in the bay area can be very difficult. Especially with a busy work schedule, or if you're not currently in the area...
I'm a licensed real estate agent who offers a customized relocation service. I often describe it as hiring your own personal assistant who is dedicated to finding an apartment. I can take over the search completely. I'm very proactive. I preview listings, make videos, and can set up organized tours of San Francisco. If you can't make it to SF I can handle everything, and have a place waiting for you when you arrive. Good communication is key. I know the city very well and I love to place people where they will be happy. I've helped with everything from studio apartments to 10K plus homes.
When I lived in LA this business was my main focus. It was successful and I noticed a need for this kind of service. I have placed over 100 happy clients. Some of my clients were local professionals. Others were coming from other states/countries. Often NYC, because this type of service is standard there. Now I'm a buyers agent with Ackerman Realty in SF (where I'm originally from) and things are going well. I've had a successful year in sales so far. However, I like to stay busy and it's always nice to establish side income- in a commission based field. Therefore I will be starting up my relocation business again.s
I will be accepting clients on a fairly selective basis. I can only take one or two relocation's per month at this point. My real estate sales work takes the rest of my time. I'm looking for people who really want or need my help. This service is not for everyone. The fee is $2000. A $1000 retainer fee is due upfront and none nonrefundable. This would be compensation for my time if your plans change. This happens rarely in my experience. Money upfront seems to attract a serious clientele. The additional $1000 is due at the time of your lease signing. I'm a customer service driven person with high standards. I only take on clients when I know I can provide a five star service.
Google my name (you can find it under the contact tab) for reviews. 
Call if you have any questions.

Date Posted: October 11, 2018 at 13:42
Price: $2000
Latitude: 37.781200
Longitude: -122.461400
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: NA
