$1800 / 425ft2 - OPEN HOUSE 10/20 & 10/21 Pet Friendly Studio w.Breathing Room (India Basin)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
OPEN HOUSE 10/20 & 10/21
10AM-NOON
The apartment will be available immediately.
* Rent is $1800. First month's rent plus $1800 security deposit and required at lease signing. 
* We cover the garbage collection, water, and gas. You can piggyback on our high speed wireless connection for your internet. Tenant is responsible for electricity. 
* One year lease. 
* No tobacco smoking on premises. 
* Well-behaved dogs and cats are welcome with pet deposit. We like having critters around.
* We'll need references and credit report to sign a lease but you don't need to bring it all with you.
ADDRESS: 991 Innes Avenue, between Hawes St. and Hunters Point Blvd.
Are you sick of only seeing cramped Tenderloin apartments for you and your little critter(s)? Well do yourself a favor and come off the beaten path to see this unique studio in the City's most underrated neighborhood! Great location for UCSF-Mission Bay students and workers or artists with studios in/near the Box Shop or Hunters Point Shipyard. 
This lower-unit apartment is in a 1937 house 40 steps above the street and directly across the street from the Bay and India Basin Shoreline Park, with a small yard space and amazing water views. The unit has Pergo floors, draft-free windows, a real kitchen, and updated electrical, bathroom, and kitchen space. A full size washer and dryer are right in the unit to save you the hassle of the laundromat. The apartment is in great condition and we took care to preserve its old-school charm.
The bright living space has lots of exposed wood, wall length built in shelves and looks out onto a small yard and San Francisco Bay. The separate kitchen is 3 steps up from the living space and has enough room for a small dining table. The counters, sink, refrigerator and gas stove were replaced a few years ago. We kept the original period wall cabinet and built-in ironing board.
There is a small front yard with a wide view of the Bay and some planting space. All around are grass, trees, flowers, a picket fence, and lots of birds making the space great for entertaining, or just lounging around. 
This is a diverse and safe neighborhood of owner-occupants like ourselves, artists, and long-time renters. We live upstairs with our two school age boys. You can check out some info about the India Basin Neighborhood Association at www.indiabasin.org.
India Basin Shoreline Park and Heron's Head Park are across the street. Speakeasy Brewery & Tap-room is a 5 minute walk away and open for your beer drinking pleasure. There is no designated parking, but street parking is never a problem. Very easy access to the 101 and 280 freeways, 15 minute drive to downtown SF, 10 minutes to SFO. The 19-Polk stops at the bottom of our stairs and the 44-O'Shaughnessy is a block away. 3rd Street light rail is 15 minute walk away

Date Posted: October 06, 2018 at 09:02
Price: $1800
Latitude: 37.733070
Longitude: -122.377649
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 425
