$4300 / 1br - TOP-FLOOR Remodeled GOLDEN GATE BRIDGE VIEWS Pacific Heights (PHOTOS)! (Pacific Heights)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
This completely REMODELED and large studio is located at the Broadway Crown Towers Apartments in prime Pacific Heights (on Broadway Street). This unit features gorgeous hardwood floors throughout, a fully REMODELED/LARGE and equipped kitchen including all full-size appliances: maple wood cabinetry, refrigerator, stove, oven, microwave, garbage disposal and DISHWASHER! In addition, this apartment home has a spacious dining room attached to the kitchen (tons of cabinetry in the kitchen).  Huge bay window in the main living room give lots of light to the entire apartment.  In addition, this unit has a HUGE walk-in closet (with window) which residents often use as their bedroom due to its large size.  This unit also has a very large bathroom and an additional closet in the hallway of the unit.  The unique thing about this apartment are the INCREDIBLE GOLDEN GATE AND BAY VIEWS!!  Truly an immaculate studio in a Class A building! 
To view the unit please contact the on-site manager Lana at  show contact info

Please visit our website at copelandparkproperties.com for more building information 
No pets please. 
Located in Prime Pacific Heights, 1770 Broadway is a one of a kind, stately 1920's building. Boasting a large marble entrance, 1770 Broadway is located between Gough and Franklin Street. 1770 Broadway is within walking distance of many of San Francisco's finest restaurants, coffee shops, and public transportation accessing the entire Bay Area (available on Van Ness...one block to the east. 
Amenities Include: 
-On Site Manager 
-Elevator service 
-Central Laundry Facility 
-Card Key Access 
-Exterior and interior finishes which define 'old world charm' 
Included In Rent: Water, Heat and Garbage 
This unit is dedicated as non-smoking 
Parking Available for $295.00
Pictures below of actual apartment and Golden Gate VIEWS!
1770 Broadway received a 97% on walking score! Please visit http://www.walkscore.com/score/1770-Broadway-Street-San-Francisco

Date Posted: October 26, 2018 at 15:40
Price: $4300
Latitude: 37.795376
Longitude: -122.426231
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
