$775 / 1br - $775 small room in Haight/NOPA (Immediate Availability) (haight ashbury)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
$775 per month + utilities + $1163 security deposit  
Room:  The room is on the small side, but very quaint and comfortable. The current occupant has been living here for 18months. This would be a perfect fit for the traveling commuter or the minimalist. The room has beautiful mountains adorning the walls...it's like you're in the Andes! The large communal living quarters and large back patio make up for the size of the bed room ;) The room has a window that gets decent light and provided air circulation.
The Apartment: Victorian and pretty. It has all that great San Francisco detailing; wainscoting, hardwood floors, molding. 2nd floor unit in a 3 story building. 1 split bathroom. Free washer/dryer. Sun room. Back porch. Backyard. Decent sized kitchen with pantry. Big living room. An unbelievably large spice rack (our pride and joy). There is no garage available - street parking only. No pets allowed either, even though we love animals. 
The Hood: Broderick and Oak or Page (all depends on how you look at that sort of thing). It's super close to the Panhandle, Golden Gate Park, the Lower Haight, the Haight, Divis, Castro, Duboce Park, lots of bus lines, bike lanes, Falletti Foods, BiRite, restaurants, shops, the Independent, and a darling Sunday Farmer's Market. Really the best place to live in the city. The Roommates: There are 5 total spaces in the flat. Seems like a lot, but it never feels crowded and each of us has the whole place to ourselves quite often due to travel or work schedules. We are all pretty awesome and at various points in our mid-late 20s. We can socialize over dinner, cooking in the kitchen, or all going out together. We're lots of fun, intelligent, goofy, and respectful of each other. We make an effort to keep the place clean and tidy. We want someone that fits into our mix and can be a part of what we already share.
Roommate 1 (32) - Roommate 1 is currently studying somatic therapy, and is also a product designer/maker who enjoys a wide variety of activities. He feels most at home in the great outdoors and enjoys rock climbing, yoga, naps, non-pretentious yet intelligent conversations, cooking, building and designing things with his 3D printer and laser cutter.
Roommate 2 (24) - Earthling who enjoys dancing, crafting, and hopelessly learning banjo. She is also an animal and nature lover who wants a clean and tidy home that is cozy and welcoming after a long day at work.
communication is key for any roommate to be!
Roommate 3 (29) - Is a wannabe chef (he always makes the kitchen smell amazing), and works in the medical field helping people get back to health and mobility. He practices yoga like a boss and is just one heck of a stand-up guy. 
Roommate 4 (24) - Is a Business Intelligence consultant, always learning new things and challenging himself to grow. He is truly an inspiration to be around - a gentleman and a scholar. 
Roomate 5 You?
Send us an email telling us a little about yourself. Go on, don't be shy. 
How old are you? 
We'd like to know how you spend your days,
how many days a week you would plan on being here,
what your favorite thing about San Francisco is, how you feel about chores
and really anything you think we should know about you.
When are you available to see the apartment (weeknights and weekends)?
We're looking forward to meeting you!
The Broderick House

Date Posted: November 03, 2018 at 11:59
Price: $775
Latitude: 37.772922
Longitude: -122.439089
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 0
Sqft: NA
