$1988 / 1br - Large sunny private bedroom w/walk in closet $1988 November 1 (pacific heights)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Large, sunny bedroom with great walk in closet open in our apartment on Lake, near Presidio and Laurel Heights! One of the roommates bought a home and is leaving after several years in this spot.
About the apartment:
We're on the top floor of a three story building so not only is it quiet, but we also get lots of natural light. Our street is quiet and safe, and we're just two blocks from the shops and cafes on Clement, which also has a great Sunday Farmer's Market. It's an easy commute downtown by several express buses, as well as other places throughout the city. We're also right by the Presidio and a few blocks from Golden Gate Park. There's always somewhere nearby to eat, hike or hang out! Apartment is strictly non-smoking. 
- Washer and dryer in unit
- Garbage disposal and dishwasher
- 3 bedrooms, 1.5 bathrooms
- Bright & large living room with large television 
- Large, sunny, formal dining room that's great for hosting friends or working from home
- Hardwood floors throughout
- Several closets for storage
About you:
Lady, professional, mid-late 20's or early 30's, looking for a normal, low key living situation. We keep the shared spaces very clean and encourage baking, cooking and TV watching. 
About us: 
Two late 20 year old ladies - one works downtown in the beauty industry, the other works in the Presidio in television production. We are pretty low key during the week and on week nights, going to a workout class, meeting friends after work or hanging out at home and watching TV (Fixer Upper, Grey's, the Bachelor) with a glass of wine. We're often out and about on the weekends exploring the city, and while we sometimes have people over for dinners, we don't bring the party back late night. We've tried to make our apartment comfortable and homey, and hope you're looking for the same!
About the room:
Available November 1 ($1,988) and is large enough for a few pieces of furniture and Queen bed. There's a large walk-in closet and the room gets a lot of great, natural light.
Overall great-sized closets and ample storage throughout the unit!
Additional Costs:
-Internet/Utilities/House Supplies (Approximately $50-70/month/roommate)

Date Posted: October 14, 2018 at 22:48
Price: $1988
Latitude: 37.786627
Longitude: -122.465760
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1.5
Sqft: NA
