$5200 / 2br - 1100ft2 - Great Flat (cole valley / ashbury hts)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
DESCRIPTION
Wonderful unit at the end of Upper Terrace(top of the hill).  This 2BR 2Bath apt is located in front of Olympus Mountain which is  geographically the center on San Francisco.  Within a beautifully 8 unit building. Situated in Ashbury Heights/Cole Valley District, the apartment is on the 2nd floor and facing North  east with bay and city views. Modern kitchen has stainless steel appliances; electric  stove and oven. Wood Fire place. Nice hardwood floors throughout. Good storage as well. Sauna in Building. Living room facing north easterly with views of downtown, golden gate bridge. Unit has cute  private deck, right off the living room. Bedrooms are both of good size. Laundry room in unit. One garage parking space available for additional $250/month. Wonderful shared roof deck with really nice panoramic views of the city, ocean and bay. Close to Golden Gate Park and Haight St shops and restaurants. Cole St shops, restaurants and cafes also close by. Whole Foods, Target, and Trader Joes are nearby. UCSF Parnassus, St Marys, and CPMC Davies Hospitals all within 1 mile. 
Please contact Mike  to schedule a showing   
KEY FEATURES
Bedrooms: 2 BR
Bathrooms: 2 Bath
Wood Fireplace
Parking: 1 Assigned Garage Space(additional $250/month)
Lease Duration: Minimum 1 Year
Pets Policy: No Pets
Laundry: In-Unit
Sauna in building 
Property Type: Apartment
RENTAL FEATURES
Hardwood Floors Throughout 
Stainless Steel Appliances
Electric  Stove and Oven
Stainless Steel Refrigerator
Living Room with City Views, bay, ocean. 
Good-sized Bedrooms 
Nice Bathroom
Washer and Dryer In-Unit
Private Deck, off Living Room area
Open space kitchen/Dining room/Living room 
Views of the City and Water from the Living spaces. 
Shared Roof Deck Patio with Panoramic Views of the City as well
Assigned Garage Space Available
COMMUNITY FEATURES
Located in Ashbury Heights/Cole Valley District
Close to Haight St shops, restaurants, and cafes
Golden Gate Park also nearby
Cole St shops, restaurants and cafes within close distance
SF Muni and Street Car Lines close by
Whole Foods, Target, and Trader Joes within close driving distance
St Marys and CMPC Davies Hospital also nearby
LEASE TERMS
1 yr lease minimum. (negotiable)
No pets. 
Rent:  $5,400 with $5,400 security deposit. Owner pays for electricity , tenant is responsible for all other utilities. 
Parking available in building for $250

Date Posted: October 02, 2018 at 10:59
Price: $5200
Latitude: 37.762614
Longitude: -122.445947
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1100
