$1965 / 1br - 765ft2 - Come See Our Tranquil & Peaceful Community. $1000 OFF MOVE IN (hayward / castro valley)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Crestview Terrace - Venezia (P-1B1)

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Patio
        
        
        
        Ceiling Fan
        
        
        
        Garbage Disposal
        
        
        
        Additional Storage
        
        
        
        Dishwasher
        
        
        
        Window Coverings
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Availability 24 Hours
        
        
        
        On-Site Management and Maintenance
        
        
        
        Package Receiving
        
        
        
        Sauna
        
        
        
        Covered Parking
        
        
        
        Courtesy Patrol
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  




This large one bedroom apartment has a spacious open floor plan, a large walk-in closet in the bedroom and private deck or patio. Some homes include a fireplace.Located on a quiet hillside overlooking the San Francisco Bay, Crestview Terrace offers residents town and country living in a lush resort setting. Each apartment home features large floorplans, spacious kitchens, outdoor balconies, vaulted ceilings (in select units), and an abundant amount of closet and storage space. Our two bedroom units include cozy wood burning fireplaces. Enclosed garages and additional storage spaces are also available to rent.
Our two swimming pool areas provide plenty of room to relax, socialize, and sunbathe. If exercising is your passion, our 50 foot long south pool is great for doing laps. Furthermore, our on-site fitness center is well equipped with a variety of cardiovascular machines, free weights, and a sauna room.
Crestview Terrace is located within close proximity to CSU-East Bay, Downtown Hayward, and Garin/Dry Creek Regional Park, which features over 25 miles of hiking trails, a fishing pond, picnic areas, and horseback riding. In addition to being only a few short blocks from the South Hayward BART Station, residents of Crestview Terrace enjoy quick access to HWY 880, HWY 580, and the San Mateo Bridge.
I'm the hello that greets you in the courtyard.  The collection of albums you can't part with, the track trophy from high school and your favorite armchair from college.  It's throwing your coat on the floor.  Not being able to find your keys.  It's the 10-second rule. . . It's home!  Welcome to Crestview Terrace, where....http://www.crestviewterraceapts.com/u/brsgnzb

Please call us at:  show contact info


 Disposal Heat (Gas) View Private Balcony Availability 24 Hours Cable and High Speed Internet Ready Laundry Facilities Sauna Microwave Fireplace (Wood) Sundeck Cable Ready Refrigerator Storage Space Public Transportation Large Closets Package Receiving Balconies or Patios (select units) Window Coverings On-Line Resident Services views rolling horse spectacular inviting spacious the South Regional near center, Bay, space, The or patio. offers walk-in CSU call freeways management days large dining, balconies. us adjacent maintained trees, environment atmosphere. our be also quiet, swimming conveniently lush BART sauna fireplace. week by Creek apartment Give park-like comfortable -

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 12:43
Price: $1965
Latitude: 37.639902
Longitude: -122.055253
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 765
