$1983 / 1br - Beautiful 1BR Apartment - $1200 Off Move in Special (oakland east)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
800 E 20th St, Oakland, CA 94606 A New Wave of Living! Beautiful unit in a great location!

Open HouseOn call showings. Please contact us with any questions, date inquiries or to schedule an appointment to come see the unit! P:  show contact info
 E:  show contact info


DescriptionThis reputable apartment complex is located in a highly desirable location just minutes from Downtown Oakland, Jack London Square AND Lake Merritt. Get the best of all worlds by enjoying everything the thriving city of Oakland has to offer, while being able to retreat to your own oasis. Public transportation is easily accessible! Choose between our spacious studio, one, or our two bedroom plans that all have that sought after modern look. Apartments comes equipped with beautiful wood-style flooring and granite countertops! Our community is pet friendly, welcoming both cats and small dogs.

Community AmenitiesLaundry Facilities
Off Street Parking
Controlled Access/Gated
Public Transportation
Apartment AmenitiesStainless Steel Appliances
Gas Range
Refrigerator
Granite Countertop
Beautiful flooring
Cable Ready
Garbage Disposal
Pet PolicyPets Allowed.  Rent will increase by $50.00 per month per pet allowed by owner.

Additional LinksWebsite: http://www.bestbayapts.comRental RequirementsTotal household gross income is greater than or equal to 3x the monthly rent and 2.5x the monthly net income after debt payments removed. Proof of income can include: pay stubs, offer letter, or bank statements.
No prior evictions.
Clean rental history.
All tenants must purchase Renter's Insurance and provide us with a copy of the policy upon lease signing.
Clean criminal record.
1 year lease and 1 to 2 months security deposit.
Additional Information*Rental price noted in ad includes a $15 monthly discount for enrollment in automatic payment program. This discount is available as long as tenants are actively enrolled in the automatic payment option. Monthly rent will be $15 higher than the advertised price should resident not participate in automatic payments program.*The posted rent price does not include parking, which is available at this unit for an additional charge.*Photos are a representation of the unit and may not be entirely the same as the actual unit. *Start your Application process Online now at  www.bestbayapts.com .

Office HoursMonday thru Friday09:00 AM-06:00 PMContact Info2744 East 11th Street Oakland, CA 94601P:  show contact info
E:  show contact info


Equal OpportunityFederal law prohibits housing discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, familial status, or disability.

Date Posted: October 11, 2018 at 18:03
Price: $1983
Latitude: 37.797627
Longitude: -122.245979
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
