$2580 / 1br - Remodeled 1br Apartment at a Great Location! (oakland lake merritt / grand)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
245 Lee st., CA 94610 Urban Energy at a Great Location! Beautiful Remodeled unit near BART


Open HouseOn call showings. Please contact us with any questions, date inquiries or to schedule an appointment to come see the unit! P:  show contact info
 E:  show contact info


DescriptionJust above Lake Merritt and steps from Whole Foods, the Vern Lee Apartments offer the quintessential Oakland lifestyle experience. The 1 bedroom 1 bathroom apartment in this beautiful mid-century building has been completely rebuilt from the studs up! Each fully remodeled unit features luxury quartz counter tops and stainless steel appliances.

Walk outside your apartment onto a large courtyard. On-site laundry facilities, as well as a parking garage (for an additional fee) are also available. 

The apartment is located in Oakland's thriving Adam's Point Neighborhood, which Oakland Magazine gave an A+ for dining and entertainment. With a walk score of 82, it is perfectly located minutes away from the 19th street BART Station and the thriving downtown/Grand area.

Please contact us if you would like to tour the property!

Community AmenitiesGarage Parking - Limited availability
Public Transportation
On-site Manager
Barbecue Area
Apartment AmenitiesStainless Steel Appliances
Gas Range
Refrigerator
Granite Countertop
Cable Ready
Pet PolicyPets - Allowed, contact our office for more info.

Additional LinksWebsite: http://www.bestbayapts.com Rental RequirementsTotal household gross income is greater than or equal to 3x the monthly rent and 2.5x the monthly net income after debt payments removed. Proof of income can include: pay stubs, offer letter, or bank statements
No prior evictions
Clean rental history
All tenants must purchase Renter's Insurance and provide us with a copy of the policy upon lease signing.
Clean criminal record
1 year lease and 1 to 2 months security deposit
Additional Information*Rental price noted in ad includes a $15 monthly discount for enrollment in automatic payment program. This discount is available as long as tenants are actively enrolled in the automatic payment option. Monthly rent will be $15 higher than the advertised price should resident not participate in automatic payments program.*The posted rent price does not include parking, which is available at this unit for an additional charge.*Photos are a representation of the unit and may not be entirely the same as the actual unit.*Start your Application process Online now at www.bestbayapts.com.

Office HoursMonday thru Friday09:00 AM-06:00 PMContact Info2744 East 11th StreetOakland, CA 94601O:  show contact info
E:  show contact info


Equal OpportunityFederal law prohibits housing discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, familial status, or disability.

Date Posted: October 23, 2018 at 21:47
Price: $2580
Latitude: 37.813644
Longitude: -122.258655
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
