$2460 / 2br - 980ft2 - Lovely Wonderful Peaceful Be Home (hayward / castro valley)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Crestview Terrace - Amalfi (C-2A1)
Rent............. $2,210 - $2,460 a month
Deposit........ $600
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 1.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 980Located on a quiet hillside overlooking the San Francisco Bay, Crestview Terrace offers residents town and country living in a lush resort setting. Each apartment home features large floorplans, spacious kitchens, outdoor balconies, vaulted ceilings (in select units), and an abundant amount of closet and storage space. Our two bedroom units include cozy wood burning fireplaces. Enclosed garages and additional storage spaces are also available to rent.
Our two swimming pool areas provide plenty of room to relax, socialize, and sunbathe. If exercising is your passion, our 50 foot long south pool is great for doing laps. Furthermore, our on-site fitness center is well equipped with a variety of cardiovascular machines, free weights, and a sauna room.
Crestview Terrace is located within close proximity to CSU-East Bay, Downtown Hayward, and Garin/Dry Creek Regional Park, which features over 25 miles of hiking trails, a fishing pond, picnic areas, and horseback riding. In addition to being only a few short blocks from the South Hayward BART Station, residents of Crestview Terrace enjoy quick access to HWY 880, HWY 580, and the San Mateo Bridge.
I'm the hello that greets you in the courtyard.  The collection of albums you can't part with, the track trophy from high school and your favorite armchair from college.  It's throwing your coat on the floor.  Not being able to find your keys.  It's the 10-second rule. . . It's home!  Welcome to Crestview Terrace, where....http://www.crestviewterraceapts.com/u/brsgysh


Feel free to give us a call at:  show contact info


 Additional Storage On-Site Management and Maintenance Fireplace (Wood) Garbage Disposal Individual Climate Control Package Receiving Fitness Center Cable and High Speed Internet Ready Disposal Dishwasher Private Balcony On-Line Resident Services Refrigerator View Cable Ready Availability 24 Hours Garage Sauna Two Outdoor Swimming Pools Heat (Gas) well If great 25 pond, close located areas, select quiet Terrace is additional access burning offers on-site on room. equipped lush Located (in Station, San trails, short country of overlooking garages residents machines, South Hayward south an relax, areas passion, Francisco fishing from free Bridge. storage weights, only the your

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 16:29
Price: $2460
Latitude: 37.639902
Longitude: -122.055253
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 980
