$2686 / 2br - 1011ft2 - HURRY IN TODAY AND GET $1500 OFF YOUR FIRST MONTH!! (dublin / pleasanton / livermore)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1,011 Sq. Ft. 
Park Sierra at Iron Horse Trail Apartments in Dublin brings with it some history from the late 1800's. The property was developed on the route of the Southern Pacific Railroad right-of-way established in 1891 and abandoned in 1977. The route has now rebirthed as the 33 mile multi-use, Iron Horse Recreation Trail.
The history of this period was also captured in the interior of the property which is well-designed and beautifully decorated in a "Sundance" motif. Enjoy an Old West feel with the modern conveniences of today. When you drive through the gates of this Dublin apartment community, you'll have access to all the finest amenities. Meet your neighbors at a Super Bowl party in the Resident Lounge or head over to the fitness center for a quick work out. BBQ some burgers with the kids out at the pool or take a dip in the pool - whatever your fancy, you'll find it here at Park Sierra Apartments.
And all this just minutes from the Dublin BART station and 580 and 680 freeways. Park Sierra Apartments features unique "carriage" style floor plans with private front patio entries, free enclosed garages, designer paint and lighting and so much more!
*Located on the Iron Horse Recreation Trail with over 33 miles of trails and just minutes to the Dublin BART station
*Private garages
*Resident lounge with television screening area and fitness center
*Pools, spas, and BBQ/picnic area
*Maple cabinetry, designer paint and lighting
*Washer/dryer available
*Smoke-free and dog friendly locations available 
Features:
Private patio or balcony, Amenities May Vary by Floor Plan and Location, Central heat and air conditioning, Breakfast counter and kitchen pantry, Pet Friendly Locations Available, Washer / dryer available, One and two bedroom floor plans, Gas range, microwave and refrigerator, Dual-paned windows, Walk-in closets, Intrusion alarms with optional monitoring, Maple cabinetry, wood style flooring, designer paint and lighting 
Community Amenities:
Smoke-free Community, Resort-style pools and spas with BBQ and picnic areas, Exclusive Resident Social Hub, Located adjacent to the Iron Horse Recreation Trail with 33 miles of trails to explore, Controlled access gates, Private garages, Playground, Rent to Own Program, Resident lounge with TV's, billiards, gaming and cyber cafe, Wi-Fi throughout the amenity areas, Planned Resident Events, Fitness center with cardio and free weights 
Pet Policy:
Pet friendly. Fees and breed restrictions apply. Please contact us for details. 
Interested In This Unit? Use this link for more details:
http://lease.sheaservice.com/vki9ek
The rental rates listed above are based on a 12+ month lease term with immediate move-in. Shorter term leases and longer hold
periods are available with a monthly upcharge. Pricing deemed reliable but not guaranteed and can change without notice. CA BL DRE #01382566
Equal Housing Opportunity 
 dublin ca apartments apartments dublin ca dublin apartments park sierra apartments dublin park sierra at iron horse trail apartments 
9O8Zzy0WNY9

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 13:25
Price: $2686
Latitude: 37.710562
Longitude: -121.910468
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1011
