$4115 / 2br - 1038ft2 - DON'T MISS OUR ON OUR LAST 2 BEDROOM 2 BATH! (oakland downtown)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Brand new boutique style apartments in Oakland, CA New modern apartments in Oakland Amidst the vibrant sophistication of Uptown Oakland, you'll find the ultimate in boutique apartment living at Maxwell.Flawlessly indulgent, this remarkable apartment community offers the highest level of refinement in every detail. Beyond chic amenities and a captivating modern design, Maxwell residents enjoy tasteful comfort, spacious floor plans and unparalleled amenities, in a highly desirable location that is walking distance to Oakland's Historic Fox Theater, three blocks from the 19th Street BART station, and steps from unlimited fine dining options. Maxwell Apartments in Oakland is a boldly boutique approach to apartment living where service is an art, style is a doctrine and luxury is merely the price of entry.Apply today and discover your next Oakland apartment home at Maxwell.  Call Now:  show contact info
Follow This Link for More Information:http://live.fpimgt.com/9y1tuu This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1038 Sq. Ft. Features - Upgraded Berber carpeted bedrooms  - Upgraded plumbing fixtures  - Smart home enhancements including Nest Thermostat® and USB charging port  - Spacious walk-in closets*  - Wood grain-style flooring throughout living space  - Wood grain-style flooring throughout living space  - Expansive floor-to-ceiling windows  - Oakland and San Francisco skyline views*  - Floating bathroom vanities with under mounted sink  - Whirlpool stainless steel and energy-efficient appliances  - Fiber-optic enabled homes providing fastest Internet connection in Oakland  - Air conditioning and heating in every-home  - Euro-style, high-gloss kitchen cabinetry offered in two designer color schemes with slow-close drawers  - In-home Washer & Dryer  - Modern roller shade window coverings  - Soaking tub  - Caesar stone styled counters with tile backsplash, under-mount stainless steel sink, and pendant lighting  - Private patio or balcony *In Select Homes Community Amenities - Pet-friendly with no weight limits  - 96 Walk Score  - Planned resident networking events  - Accent walls options  - Outdoor patio with BBQ grill and seating  - Communicate with on-site management  - Walking distance to 19th street BART station  - Access-controlled community  - Housekeeping scheduling  - Bike maintenance work station and storage  - Dry cleaning scheduling  - Private pet patio with pet waste station  - 100% Smoke-free community  - Nearby fine dining, concert venues, and social lounges.  - Restaurant table reservations  - Resident social lounge  - 24/7 Package lockers  - Easy access to Interstate 980, 880, 580 and 80.  - Game room  - Submit work orders  - Doorstep trash pickup  - On-line rent payments  - Furniture rental available*  - State of the art fitness center Pet Policy We welcome pets one year or older of all shapes and sizes with no weight limit. $500 deposit is required per pet and $35 monthly pet rent per pet. Breed restrictions do apply. Two pets maximum per home.*Breed Restrictions:(or any hybrid or mixed breed) Akita, American Bull Dog, Boxer, Cane Corsos,, Chowchows, Dobermans, Dalmatian, German Shepherds, Great Danes, Huskies, Karelian Bear Dog, Malamutes, Mastiff, Pit Bulls, Presa Canario, Rottweilers, St. Bernard, Staffordshire Terriers, any Wolf Hybrid. Poisonous Animals: Piranhas or Tarantulas.Exotic Animals: Birds (Cockatiels, Parrots & Macaws), Ferrets, Raccoon's, Reptiles (Snakes and Iguanas), Rabbits, Squirrels, and Skunks. Income Requirements: All household must have verifiable gross income that at the least 2.5 monthly rent amount. Income must be legal and verifiable. Written verification and proof of all income include, but is not limited to, current and consecutive pay stubs, social security or other retirement income, verification or welfare, disability, or SSI, income tax returns, unemployment benefits, workers compensation payments, bank statements, and trust accounts. Application not meeting the income-to- rent ratio may be required to pay an increase to the security deposit or obtain a co-signer.Office Hours Monday-Saturday:9:00AM-6:00PM Maxwell 1801 Jefferson St STE 100, Oakland, CA, 94612Equal Housing Opportunity 11xwACkdp

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 16:30
Price: $4115
Latitude: 37.808258
Longitude: -122.273315
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1038
