$1998 / 2br - Now Leasing 60 New Units in a Historic Building- TWO MONTHS FREE!* (oakland east)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
1638 47th Ave, Oakland, CA 94601Modern, newly constructed units in a gated community close to BART!

Open HouseSaturday Nov 3rd | 11:00am to 2:00pmOn call showingsPlease contact us with any questions, date inquiries or to schedule an appointment to come see the unit! O:   show contact info
 E:  show contact info


DescriptionJust a 15-minute walk from the closest BART Station, this property is conveniently located a short distance from Lake Merritt, Downtown Oakland, and San Francisco. Alameda, the quaint historic town featuring Park Street, Bridgeside Shopping Center, and South Shore Shopping Center provides residents with many shopping and dining options. We are centrally located in the East Bay and are a short drive to Emeryville, Berkeley, Alameda, and San Francisco. Numerous regional parks are in close proximity and offer breathtaking views of the San Francisco Bay. This four-building complex has on-site parking and laundry units on-site. Our units include studios, 1 bedrooms, and 2 bedrooms and are fully-equipped with new stainless steel appliances, new flooring, dishwashers*, tall ceilings, granite counter tops, and more!  

Touring Availability 
We are currently in the construction/renovation phase and are scheduled to begin touring on 8/15/18.  Please email/text to schedule a tour!  Be the first to choose from our unique floor plans!

Community AmenitiesLaundry Facilities
Courtyard
On-site and Off-Street Parking
Public Transportation
Secure Package Concierge
Dog Park*
Outdoor BBQ and fire pit*
Electric car charging*
Secure bike lockers
Community events
Apartment AmenitiesStainless Steel Appliances
Stainless Steel Refrigerator
Granite Countertop
Beautiful Laminate Wood Flooring
Cable Ready
Ceiling Fan
Dishwasher*
Pet PolicyPets - allowed Rent will increase by $50.00 per month per pet allowed by owner and the security deposit will increase by $300 per pet. Max weight allowed is 35 lbs.

Additional LinksWebsite: www.theroseonbond.com

Rental RequirementsTotal household gross income is greater than or equal to 3x the monthly base rent (~$57k gross annual salary for our entry level suites) and 2.5x the monthly net income after debt payments removed. Proof of income can include: pay stubs, offer letter, or bank statements.
No prior evictions.
Clean rental history.
All tenants must purchase Renter's Insurance and provide us with a copy of the policy upon lease signing.
Clean criminal record.
1 year lease and 1 to 2 months security deposit.
Additional Information*Rental price noted in ad includes 1) a $15 monthly discount only for enrollment in the automatic payment program and 2) the two months of free rent amortized across the 14-month lease*The posted rent price does not include parking, which is available at this unit for an additional $125/mo.*Photos are a representation of the unit and may not be entirely the same as the actual unit.*Start your Application process Online now at www.theroseonbond.com.*Select units are equipped with dishwashers.*You will receive two months of free rent when you sign a 14-month lease.*The dog park, BBQ, fire pit, and electric car charging are still under construction.*$1998/mo price is effective rent for our entry level 2 Bedroom units (not pictured and whose base rent is $2348/mo) , calculated by applying the two free months over the duration of the 14-month lease. Your second and third months will be free and base rent will be $2748/mo thereafter.*Pictured unit's effective rent is $2340/mo and base rent is $2748/mo.

Office HoursMonday thru Friday09:00 AM-06:00 PMContact Info2744 E 11th StreetOakland, CA 94601P:  Texting/leaving a voicemail is preferred at  show contact info
 E:  show contact info


Equal OpportunityFederal law prohibits housing discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, familial status, or disability.

Date Posted: November 01, 2018 at 22:44
Price: $1998
Latitude: 37.770092
Longitude: -122.204431
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
