$2000 / 400ft2 - Lovely studio with renovated kitchen across from UCB on Northside (berkeley)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Full-size studio apartment available at Treehaven.
New kitchen with Stainless Steel fridge, quartz countertop and gas oven and stovetop.
Treehaven is a quiet, no pets and no party building across the street from UC Berkeley on the northside.
Gas, electric and heat included.
Window in kitchen and bathroom.
Laundry onsite.
Online rent payments and maintenance requests
Professional, responsive and friendly management.
Can be furnished with all utilities and wifi for reasonable extra charge.
TREEHAVEN APARTMENTS FEATURE:
Lovely Hardwood Floors Throughout
Fantastic Layout with Large Living Room
Spacious Walk-In Closets
Separate kitchens with Full-size Gas Stove and Refrigerator
Convenient location across the Street from UC and Euclid Stores/Restaurants
Laundry machines onsite!
Gas, Electric and heat Included
Resident Manager 
Professional Property Management online maintenance requests and rent payments
Friendly service
Treehaven Apartments
2523 Ridge Rd
Berkeley, CA 94709
Property Description:
Treehaven is a No-Party, No-Pets and No-loud music apartment building.  
Built in 1910, Treehaven is a 33-unit apartment building offering a mix of studios, 1 bedrooms, Jr. 2 beds and real 2 bed apartments. Built in 1910, Treehaven has been a Northside fixture for over 100 years! Many original built-in features demonstrate intelligent design elements throughout.  This includes windowed bathrooms and closets that allow fresh air to circulate; Large, angled windows that allow light from multiple exposures; Elegant wood trim around ceilings and lovely hardwood floors throughout. Treehaven's spacious living areas are easy to share with roommates and you'll find enjoy cooking with a full size gas stove, full-size refrigerator, and extra large walk-in closets.   
Neighborhood Description:
Our beautiful north Berkeley location is surrounded by stunning architecture and sits across the street from UC Berkeley Engineering and Computer Science buildings (Jacobs, Etcheverry Halls, etc.)  Around the corner is a grocery, numerous cafes and restaurants providing a variety of cuisine types.  Numerous cafes in the area to grab a cup of coffee, meet friends, buy house supplies etc.
The excitement of Downtown Berkeley and the famed "Gourmet Ghetto" is a short distance away.  Public transportation is around the corner and both Berkeley and Northside Berkeley BART stations are nearby.  There is a beautiful park and rose garden just up the street. 
Personal favorites are:  Cheeseboard Pizza, Bongo Burger, Cafe Gregoire the Thursday farmers market, monkery market and so much more!  Coordonices park is lovely and other secret parks in the North Berkeley hills...

Date Posted: October 31, 2018 at 04:09
Price: $2000
Latitude: 37.876123
Longitude: -122.259703
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 400
