$2035 / 2br - 864ft2 - Walk-in closet, Quick access to Interstate 80, Fitness center (hercules, pinole, san pablo, el sob)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 This is a 2 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 864 Sq. Ft.  Nestled near the shoreline of San Pablo Bay, Bayside Apartments offers you spaces to explore, unwind, and live. Outdoor enthusiast will enjoy sweeping views and nearly two miles of trails at nearby Pinole Shore Park or Bayfront Park. Venture into Old Town Pinole for a charming pedestrian-oriented shopping and dining destination.Our two and three bedroom apartments provide the perfect home base. Unwind on your private patio or hone your favorite new recipe in your fully equipped kitchen. Enjoy a sunny day poolside, strive for your fitness goals in our fitness center, or enjoy a barbecue with friends. We also haven't forgotten your pets. Our pet-friendly community even offers a dog park with agility equipment.Our convenient location just north of Richmond gives you quick access to Interstate 80 and mass transit options connecting you to both major employment centers and weekend getaway destinations.Bayside Apartment Homes is pleased to offer affordable living options (income restrictions apply).  Features: Ceiling fan, Separate dining area, Walk-in closet*, Electric range, Wood-look flooring in living room and kitchen*, Dishwasher, Stone-look countertops*, Views of San Pablo Bay*, Private patio or balcony, Crisp white kitchen cabinets*  *Select homes Community Amenities: Online Payments Available, Fitness center, Minutes to outdoor recreation points including Pinole Shore Park and Bayfront Park, Dog park with agility equipment, Convenient clothes care center in every building, Basketball court, Sparkling pool and sundeck, Playground, Grilling and picnic stations, Quick access to Interstate 80, Pet friendly (restrictions apply)  Pet Policy: Dogs and cats, including puppies and kittens under 1 year old, are welcome at our community. All pet residents must have their health check and shots, and be spayed or neutered by 6 months of age. A signed animal addendum is required to be on file at our leasing office. Two (2) max pets allowed. Fees and restrictions apply contact us for further details. Follow The Link Below:http://fairfield-apts.com/37L4t5Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. Equal Housing Opportunity Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. w9NTWb0Q

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 17:52
Price: $2035
Latitude: 38.008689
Longitude: -122.305346
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 864
