$1933 / 1br - Beautiful 1BR at a Great Location! (oakland east)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
1002 E 23rd st, Oakland, CAStunning unit in a Great Location!

Open HouseOn call showings. Please contact us with any questions, date inquiries or to schedule an appointment to come see the unit! P:  show contact info
E:  show contact info


DescriptionThis remodeled apartment complex is located in a highly desirable location just minutes from Downtown Oakland, Jack London Square and Lake Merritt. Get the best of all worlds by enjoying everything the thriving city of Oakland has to offer, while being able to retreat to your own oasis. Our complex has secured entry to provide you with that added level of safety. Choose between our spacious studio, one, or our two bedroom plans that all have that sought after modern look. Apartments comes equipped with beautiful wood-style flooring and all stainless steel appliances! Washing machines are also conveniently located on the premises for your use.
Community AmenitiesOff Street Parking
Laundry Facilities
Controlled Access/Gated
On-Site Management
Garage
Public Transportation
Apartment AmenitiesCable Ready
Stainless Steel Appliances
Granite Countertop
Beautiful Flooring
Refrigerator
Pet PolicyPets Allowed. Rent will increase by $50.00 per month per pet allowed by owner.

Additional LinksWebsite: http://www.bestbayapts.com 

Rental RequirementsTotal household income is greater than or equal to 3x the monthly rent and 2.5x the monthly net income after debt payments removed. Proof of income can include: pay stubs, offer letter, or bank statements
No prior evictions
Clean rental history
All tenants must purchase Renter's Insurance and provide us with a copy of the policy upon lease signing.
Clean criminal record
1 year lease and 1 month security deposit
Additional Information*Rental price noted in ad includes a $15 monthly discount for enrollment in automatic payment program. This discount is available as long as tenants are actively enrolled in the automatic payment option. Monthly rent will be $15 higher than the advertised price should resident not participate in automatic payments program.*The posted rent price does not include parking, which is available at this unit for an additional charge.*Photos are a representation of the unit and may not be entirely the same as the actual unit.*Start your Application process Online now at  www.bestbayapts.com.

Office HoursMonday thru Friday09:00 AM-06:00 PMContact Info2744 E 11th StreetOakland, CA 94601P:  show contact info
E:  show contact info


Equal OpportunityFederal law prohibits housing discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, familial status, or disability.

Date Posted: October 23, 2018 at 22:21
Price: $1933
Latitude: 37.798111
Longitude: -122.241461
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
