$2083 / 2br - Beautiful 2BR Apartment - $1200 Off Move in Special (oakland east)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
2805 East 16th St, Oakland, CA 94601 Urban Energy at a Great Location! Beautiful Remodeled unit near BART

Open HouseOn call showingsPlease contact us with any questions, date inquiries or to schedule an appointment to come see the unit! P:   show contact info
 E:  show contact info



DescriptionConvenient location! Only a fifteen minute walk to BART and conveniently located near 580 and 880 Freeway. This complex is great for someone who uses walking or biking as their mode of transportation. This location, located in the active Fruitvale neighborhood, is near many fine dining restaurants and lively entertainment. Whether you like to enjoy your weekends near the pool, doing your weeks' worth of laundry, or exploring a lively city -- this apartment complex has it all! Choose from one of our spacious studio, one or two bedroom floor plans.

Community AmenitiesLaundry Facilities
Off Street Parking
Controlled Access/Gated
Public Transportation
Apartment AmenitiesStainless Steel Appliances
Gas Range
Refrigerator
Granite Countertop
Cable Ready
Washer/Dryer
Pet PolicyPets - Not allowed

Additional LinksWebsite: http://www.bestbayapts.com Rental RequirementsTotal household gross income is greater than or equal to 3x the monthly rent and 2.5x the monthly net income after debt payments removed. Proof of income can include: pay stubs, offer letter, or bank statements
No prior evictions
Clean rental history
All tenants must purchase Renter's Insurance and provide us with a copy of the policy upon lease signing.
Clean criminal record
1 year lease and 1 to 2 months security deposit
Additional Information*Rental price noted in ad includes a $15 monthly discount for enrollment in automatic payment program. This discount is available as long as tenants are actively enrolled in the automatic payment option. Monthly rent will be $15 higher than the advertised price should resident not participate in automatic payments program.*The posted rent price does not include parking, which is available at this unit for an additional charge.*Photos are a representation of the unit and may not be entirely the same as the actual unit.*Start your Application process Online now at www.bestbayapts.com.

Office Hours

Monday thru Friday09:00 AM-06:00 PMContact Info

2744 East 11th StreetOakland, CA 94601O:  show contact info
 E:  show contact info


Equal OpportunityFederal law prohibits housing discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, familial status, or disability.

Date Posted: October 11, 2018 at 18:00
Price: $2083
Latitude: 37.781283
Longitude: -122.228206
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
