$2995 / 2br - 990ft2 - 2 BED / 2 BATH Beachfront Living Apartment near South Shore Shopping (alameda)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
KONA KAI APARTMENTS
2001 Shoreline Drive
Alameda, California  94501

Currently, we have 1 Unit available for lease!  Unit is on the 2nd Floor facing the beach.  Patio accessible from living room and kitchen.  This is a rare opportunity if you have been watching/waiting for a unit at Kona Kai!

$2,995 2-bedroom, 2-bathroom unit with private patio (beach / 2nd Floor).

Note:  Pictures are sample pictures only. Actual unit views may vary. Above description lists the actual unit location and views. Thank you for reading this carefully to save yourself time. 

Viewing of units is by appointment only.


Kona Kai Apartments is conveniently located two blocks from South Shore Shopping Center and you can take a nice evening stroll down the beach and see the lights of San Francisco.  Easy commute to anywhere in the Bay Area: 
San Francisco, Oakland, or the South Bay! These are truly excellently designed 
apartments. The best place to live in the Bay Area is in Alameda!  The best place to live 
in Alameda is on the Bay!


UNIT SPECIFICATIONS:
2 Bedrooms
2 Bathrooms
Approximately 990 square feet
Wall to wall Carpet
Entry Hall Coat Closet
Master Bedroom with Large Wardrobe Closet (with double mirrored sliding doors)
Master Bathroom with Shower and Large Sink/Vanity Area with Storage Cupboards
Second Bedroom with Wardrobe Closet (with double mirrored sliding doors)
Main Bathroom with Shower/Tub Combo and Large Sink/Vanity Area with Storage  Cupboards
Linen Closet located in Guest Bathroom
Fireplace (Wood-Burning!) in the Living Room
Dining Area Accommodates Full Dining Set / Alcove for Hutch, China Closet or Desk
Full Eat-In All Electric Kitchen with Stove, Refrigerator, Dishwasher, and Disposal
Large Private Balcony (sliding patio doors via kitchen and living room)
Wired for Comcast Cable (or you can choose DirectTV if you desire)
High-speed Broadband Internet Service is Available (Cable Modem or DSL)


(We currently DO NOT have any 1 Bedrooms available.) (We DO NOT have studios.)
GROUNDS SPECIFICATIONS:
Beach and Bay across the street
3-Level, 36 Unit Apartment Building
Off-Street Parking for one vehicle
Swimming Pool
Well-landscaped Courtyard Area
3 On-site Laundry Rooms (one on each floor)
2 Elevators (one in the front and one in the back)
Professional and Courteous On-Site Resident Management
NEARBY:
AC Transit Bus Line W, 20 and 21 (Right in front of complex!) and Line 50 (4 blocks away!)
Ferry Terminal to San Francisco (1 mile away in Alameda)
Schools
AMC Bowling Alley
Washington Park Tennis Courts
Chuck Corica Golf Complex
Metropolitan Golf Links (near airport)
Oakland International Airport (OAK)
Alameda Hospital
South Shore Shopping Center hosts:  
Alameda Credit Union, Anna's Linens, Applebee's, Bank of Alameda, Bed Bath & Beyond,
Beverly's Fabrics and Crafts, Big 5 Sporting Goods, Blockbuster Video, Borders Books, 
Check into Cash, China Gourmet, Chipotle, Daphne's Greek Cafe, Dress Barn, Five Guys Burgers, Executive Martinizing, GNC Live Well, Jamba Juice, Loard's Ice Cream, Lenscrafters, Nine West, Office Max, Old Navy, Payless ShoeSource, Petco, Radio Shack, Ross Stores, Safeway, See's Candies, South Shore Beauty Center, South Shore Car Wash, South Shore Liquors, Starbucks, Sushi House, Kohl's, TJ Maxx, Trader Joe's, Walgreens, Wells Fargo Bank, and more!
TERMS:
$25 Credit Check Fee
Leases are not transferable.  No Sub-leasing.
Water and Garbage are paid by the owners.
Electricity is paid by the resident (Alameda Power & Telecom).
Deposit is same as the monthly rent.
No pets accepted any more.  Sorry. :(
Move-in Cost = Credit Check Fee + 1st Month's Rent + Deposit


For more information , please email me through craigslist or telephone me (Andy:  show contact info
).

(c) Copyright 2003-2018  All Rights Reserved.

Date Posted: October 23, 2018 at 23:07
Price: $2995
Latitude: 37.756629
Longitude: -122.256980
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 990
