$2770 / 1br - 779ft2 - Comfort & Style In This Upscale Apt Home! One Bed One Bath ! (oakland downtown)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 1 Bedroom , 1 Bath, approximately 779 Sq. Ft. 
Welcome to our magnificent apartments, where your comfort and style comes first in mind. Not only will you have all the necessary amenities to making your stay here truly pleasurable but you'll have an array of amazing opportunities waiting for you just outside your doorstep. Imagine living at the pulse of Oakland, where you can step outside and be enthralled in the heart of an electrifying city as you walk down through Downtown Oakland and find yourself at Walker's Paradise only minutes away from your apartment. All of this, and more, is waiting for you, here at the welcoming Mason at Hive. Our kind and welcoming staff are committed to ensuring that your living experience is not only magnificent, but incomparable. Living here will be a decision you will not regret, we'll make sure of it! Schedule your VIP tour right now to experience firsthand the comfort and style that comes with living in Mason at Hive apartments! 
Features:
In-Home, Full-Size Washer and Dryer, Whirlpool Stainless Steel Appliances, Brand New Perfectly Designed Studio, One, Two, and Three Bedroom Apartment Homes, Wired for Webpass, Designer cabinets, Hardwood Style Flooring, Doorstep trash collection, Work Alcove or Office (select homes), Quartz Countertops, Dual Paned Windows, 10 Ft High Ceilings, Accent wall colors options to customize your home, Walk-in closets (select homes), Private Patio or Balcony 
Community Amenities:
Online Payments Accepted, Gated Parking Garage, Online Payments Available, Flexible Lease Terms, Green Building Certification LEED Silver, ZipCar Onsite, Several Restaurants within Walking Distance, Pet Friendly Community, Bike Racks, 97 Walk Score, 100% Non Smoking Community, Conveniently Located at the Hive, Personalized Concierge Service, Close to BART and Freeway Access, Recycling Program, Package Receiving Service, Controlled Access Community, Furnished Homes Available, Nearby to Music, Arts & Theater Venues, Planned Social Events, On-Site Maintenance, Composting Program, On-Site Management 
Pet Policy:
No weight limit. Requires a $500 deposit per pet and $35/monthly pet rent. Breed restrictions do apply. Two pets maximum per home. Applicants must fill out a Pet Application and follow the Pet Acceptance Criteria established for the community. 
Interested in more information? See link below:
http://live.fpimgt.com/12799b
Equal Housing Opportunity 
FTFq1edTO

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 15:39
Price: $2770
Latitude: 37.813318
Longitude: -122.267296
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 779
