$1733 / 1br - Beautiful 1BR Apartment near BART! (oakland east)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
1722 27th ave, Oakland, CA 94601 A New Wave of Living! Beautiful unit near BART.

Open HouseOn call showings. Please contact us with any questions, date inquiries or to schedule an appointment to come see the unit! P:  show contact info
 E:  show contact info


DescriptionOnly a fifteen minute walk to BART and conveniently located near 580 and 880 Freeway.This complex is great for someone who uses walking or biking as their mode of transportation. Choose from one of our fully renovated one or two bedroom floorplans with pristine hardwood flooring. The remodeled kitchens feature granite countertops, stainless steel appliances, and wooden cabinets that give the space a modern edge. This complex offers off street parking, secured access, and on site laundry facilities.

Community AmenitiesLaundry Facilities
Off Street Parking
Controlled Access/Gated
Public Transportation
Apartment AmenitiesStainless Steel Appliances
Gas Range
Refrigerator
Granite Countertop
Beautiful flooring
Cable Ready
Garbage Disposal
Pet PolicyPets Allowed.  Rent will increase by $50.00 per month per pet allowed by owner.

Additional LinksWebsite: http://www.bestbayapts.comRental RequirementsTotal household gross income is greater than or equal to 3x the monthly rent and 2.5x the monthly net income after debt payments removed. Proof of income can include: pay stubs, offer letter, or bank statements.
No prior evictions.
Clean rental history.
All tenants must purchase Renter's Insurance and provide us with a copy of the policy upon lease signing.
Clean criminal record.
1 year lease and 1 to 2 months security deposit.
Additional Information*Rental price noted in ad includes a $15 monthly discount for enrollment in automatic payment program. This discount is available as long as tenants are actively enrolled in the automatic payment option. Monthly rent will be $15 higher than the advertised price should resident not participate in automatic payments program.*The posted rent price does not include parking, which is available at this unit for an additional charge.*Photos are a representation of the unit and may not be entirely the same as the actual unit. *Start your Application process Online now at  www.bestbayapts.com .

Office HoursMonday thru Friday09:00 AM-06:00 PMContact Info2744 East 11th Street Oakland, CA 94601P:  show contact info
E:  show contact info


Equal OpportunityFederal law prohibits housing discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, familial status, or disability.

Date Posted: October 11, 2018 at 18:17
Price: $1733
Latitude: 37.783067
Longitude: -122.228968
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
