$2428 / 486ft2 - DON'T MISS OUT ON THIS GROUND FLOOR STUDIO HOME READY 11/8 ! (oakland downtown)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Welcome Home to Mason at Hive in Oakland, Ca Welcome to our magnificent apartments, where your comfort and style comes first in mind. Not only will you have all the necessary amenities to making your stay here truly pleasurable but you'll have an array of amazing opportunities waiting for you just outside your doorstep. Imagine living at the pulse of Oakland, where you can step outside and be enthralled in the heart of an electrifying city as you walk down through Downtown Oakland and find yourself at Walker's Paradise only minutes away from your apartment. All of this, and more, is waiting for you, here at the welcoming Mason at Hive. Our kind and welcoming staff are committed to ensuring that your living experience is not only magnificent, but incomparable. Living here will be a decision you will not regret, we'll make sure of it! Schedule your VIP tour right now to experience firsthand the comfort and style that comes with living in Mason at Hive apartments!  Call Now:  show contact info
See our property details here:http://live.fpimgt.com/cy8269 This is a 0 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 459 Sq. Ft. Features - Dual Paned Windows  - Whirlpool Stainless Steel Appliances  - Private Patio or Balcony  - Hardwood Style Flooring  - Walk-in closets (select homes)  - Brand New Perfectly Designed Studio, One, Two, and Three Bedroom Apartment Homes  - Work Alcove or Office (select homes)  - In-Home, Full-Size Washer and Dryer  - Wired for Webpass  - Accent wall colors options to customize your home  - Doorstep trash collection  - Designer cabinets  - 10 Ft High Ceilings  - Quartz Countertops Community Amenities - On-Site Management  - Composting Program  - Controlled Access Community  - Bike Racks  - Pet Friendly Community  - Planned Social Events  - Online Payments Available  - Package Receiving Service  - ZipCar Onsite  - Recycling Program  - Furnished Homes Available  - Green Building Certification LEED Silver  - Gated Parking Garage  - Online Payments Accepted  - 97 Walk Score  - 100% Non Smoking Community  - Personalized Concierge Service  - Close to BART and Freeway Access  - Nearby to Music, Arts & Theater Venues  - On-Site Maintenance  - Several Restaurants within Walking Distance  - Flexible Lease Terms  - Conveniently Located at the Hive Pet Policy No weight limit. Requires a $500 deposit per pet and $35/monthly pet rent. Breed restrictions do apply. Two pets maximum per home. Applicants must fill out a Pet Application and follow the Pet Acceptance Criteria established for the community. Income Requirements: All households must have verifiable gross income of at least 2.5 times the monthly rent amount. Income must be legal and verifiable. Written verification and proof of all income includes, but is not limited to, current and consecutive pay stubs, social security or other retirement income, verification of welfare, disability, or SSI, income tax returns, unemployment benefits, worker's compensation payments, bank statements, and trust accounts. Applicants not meeting the income-to-rent ratio may be required to pay an increase to the security deposit or obtain a co-signer.Office Hours Mon - Fri: 9 am - 5 pm Sat: 9 am - 5 pmSun: 9 am - 5 pmTouring will end daily 30 mins prior to closing. Mason at Hive 2350 Valley St. #114, Oakland, CA, 94612Equal Housing Opportunity qpoOvxAq4fV

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 15:40
Price: $2428
Latitude: 37.813290
Longitude: -122.267927
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 486
