$3772 / 2br - 1160ft2 - COMING SOON! 2 Bedroom with Breathtaking Bay Views! (tiburon / belvedere)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Be Here, Be Home at Vista Belvedere - Beautiful Homes with Breathtaking Views!

Loving where you live is important. That is why Vista Belvedere offers you and your loved ones spacious apartment homes with some of the best views in town! Enjoy a fresh morning coffee or a glass of wine on your patio with a stunning sundown over the Bay!

We currently have a 2 bedroom, 2 bath apartment home available as of 11/16/18 to view and for move-in. Hurry, this apartment will not last long! Apartment home #35B offers you 1,160 square feet of beauty spread out exactly where you need it! You will love the large, bright living room that gives you plenty of natural light. To cozy up the winter nights, your new living room also includes a natural wood burning fireplace. With an updated kitchen that includes stainless steel appliances and an extra dining area, you will enjoy entertaining guests! The large master bedroom has a full bathroom and a king-size bed is no problem! The washer/dryer is tucked away in a hallway closet. This apartment also comes with a den - use it for an office, for storage or whatever your creativity sees! Parking is no hassle here, each apartment home comes with an assigned, covered carport and the neighborhood offers lots of space for your guests to park. Location? Vista Belvedere Apartment Homes is located atop a hill with amazing, unique views of the San Francisco Bay. Enjoy the neighborhood with its charming downtown - you will have easy access to local social events/nightlife, fine foods and shopping!  You can catch the ferry to San Francisco, or take a short drive to highway US 101. For our nature lovers, you will find plenty of awesome walking, jogging, biking trails in the area! And yes, of course we are also pet friendly and would love to meet our furry friends! :-)

Our apartments rent out fast, so call to schedule a tour! We look very forward to meeting you!


 - Your Vista Belvedere Team

 Vista Belvedere Apartment Homes
 65 Red Hill Circle
 Tiburon, CA 94920show contact info

 www.vistabelvedere.com

 ** Equal Housing Opportunity
 ** Pricing and availability subject to change

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 13:32
Price: $3772
Latitude: 37.880781
Longitude: -122.461209
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1160
