$2345 / 2br - ***NEW CONSTRUCTION 2BED 2BATH*** (petaluma)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Come and breath in all the Addison Ranch has to offer! Close toeverything!  Explore the neighborhood and beyond with easy access to Highway 101 and the Petaluma Municipal Airport.Addison Ranch offers great location and quality of life. Our community is nestled in a quiet neighborhood within the prestigious Petaluma School District. Living at Addison Ranch, you can take in some fun at the Washington Square Shopping Center, McDowell Park, and the Lynch Creek Trail.If you are looking for a two-bedroom two-bathroom apartment, Addison Ranch has the perfect home for you! This unique apartment home features two large bedrooms with spacious closets, a full guest and master bathroom. The residence has the perfect blend of designer wood-inspired flooring and carpet. It also includes central heat and air conditioning so residents can be comfortable year-round. Each bedroom has a bright window outfitted with dual-pane, energy-efficient windows and views of the grounds! Addison Ranch is a community with an array of extra amenities for residents. Lounge by one of our two shimmering swimming pools or play a round of billiards in our new Clubhouse. Learn more about living in this new construction beautiful two-bedroom apartment at Addison Ranch today!                                        $800.00 Security DepositBring Your Furry Friend! We Have Treats!Pets - Max 2 allowed, Rent $30.00, Deposit $400.00Comments: Breed restrictions apply.  A deposit and rent charge is required for each pet.  The first pet is $400 deposit, the second is an additional $200.Cats -  allowedDogs -  allowedCommunity AmenitiesOnline Resident Portal • On-Site MaintenanceApartment AmenitiesAir Conditioning • Built-in Microwave • Washer/DryerLet Us Help You Find Your New Home!Mon-Fri: 9AM-6PMSat - Sun: 9AM-5PMDown The Street From Shopping Centers!Addison Ranch Apartments200 Greenbriar CirclePetaluma, CA 94954Call today and set up a tour of your new apartment home.show contact info
Federal law prohibits housing discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, familial status, or disability.* Prices and availability are subject to change without notice.

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 12:02
Price: $2345
Latitude: 38.250700
Longitude: -122.615500
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 0
Sqft: NA
