$2325 / 482ft2 - Top floor studio now available. Great location w/view! Rent today (daly city)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Skyline Heights
960 Saint Francis Blvd, Daly City, CA, 94015
More unit details at:
http://cl.greystar.com/769ev2
Call Now:  show contact info

Welcome Home to These Daly City Apartments
This is a Studio, 1 Bath, approximately 482 Sq. Ft. / apartment home #3117
The streets of Daly City are a perfect blend of natural splendor and neighborhood accessibility. Located seven minutes away from the Pacific Ocean and a short BART ride into downtown San Francisco are the homes at Skyline Heights. Inside this community of studio, one and two bedroom apartments is a collection of floor plans and amenities that are both spacious and attractive. Whether you are a student at San Francisco State University or a software engineering intern at Twitter, you are sure to love these hillside Bay Area apartments.
From the cozy studios to the roomy two bedroom models, each floor plan offers distinct features to accommodate your unique lifestyle. Come inside and feel the soft touch of the plush carpet on your feet and enjoy the easy-to-clean wood-style flooring in the kitchens and bathrooms. In addition to the spacious walk-in closets included in each home, select floor plans feature additional linen closets, walk-in kitchen pantries and a stainless steel appliance package.
Over the weekend, invite a few friends to the outdoor grilling station for a barbecue lunch or spend your mornings working out in the 24 fitness center. For your convenience, on-site laundry rooms are available to all Skyline Heights residents.
With its easy access to neighboring hot spots and attractive community features, these Bay Area homes are a mark of unmatched quality and comfort. Schedule your tour today at Skyline Heights. 
Features
- Wood-Finish Plank Vinyl though out the apartment 
- Carpet in Bedrooms 
- 1 assigned parking space 
- Walk-In Closets 
- Wired for Comcast Cable & Internet 
- Stainless Steel Appliances 
Community Amenities
- Heated Swimming Pool 
- Large Gas BBQ 
- 3 On-Site Laundry Rooms 
- Guest Parking 
- 24 Hour Fitness Center 
Office Hours
Monday-Saturday:9:00AM-6:00PM 
Equal Housing Opportunity 
jEt76GEmT

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 17:25
Price: $2325
Latitude: 37.664382
Longitude: -122.478708
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 482
