$4295 / 2br - 1000ft2 - Large remodeled 2br in Downtown w/ W/D in unit! (palo alto)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
925 Waverley Street, Palo Alto2 Bedrooms / 1 Bathroom$4,295 /month   Link to Full Website: http://vrent.com/detail.php?id=2048Contact Info: show contact info
 |  show contact info
 Rovie, Leasing ManagerHIGHLIGHTSDowntown Palo Alto
Newly Remodeled
Air Conditioning
Dishwasher
Granite Countertops
Custom Wood Cabinets
Stainless Steel Appliances
Lots of Natural Light
Spacious Rooms
Exterior Storage
Controlled Access
Near Stanford
Near Caltrain Station
UNIT INFORMATION   Size: 1,000 sf   Utilities Included: None   Deposit: $1,000   Parking: 1 Covered   Availability: Now   This is a no smoking, no pets propertyDESCRIPTIONRedefining Modern Living  in Downtown Palo Alto! 
Live four blocks from downtown's vibrant University Ave and discover the finest in dining and shopping on the Peninsula!  925 Waverley is located in a residential setting among Palo Alto's top multimillion dollar homes in the historic University South and Professorville neighborhoods. Step inside the gorgeous formal entry and discover the luxurious amenities 925 Waverley has to offer! Each apartment home offers beautifully remodeled interiors, open floor plans, large private balconies, generous closet space, and modern finishes and accents. Enjoy a new sparkling swimming pool, well-manicured common patio, gated covered parking, private exterior storage, elevator service, and controlled access.
This unit offers a spacious, open-concept living room with large windows and a sliding glass door that leads out onto a private balcony.  The open living area features a modern, efficiently designed kitchen with light granite countertops, a sleek subway tile back splash, and bamboo wood cabinets. The kitchen is equipped with GE and Frigidaire stainless steel appliances including a stylish flat top electric range, refrigerator, and dishwasher. This unit also features a new stacked washer and dryer tucked neatly in a closet next to the bedroom and bathroom. Both bedrooms feature closets with mirrored sliding doors and an exterior sliding glass door for easy access to the private balcony.  The bathroom features brushed nickel hardware finishings throughout, light granite countertops, bamboo wood cabinets, a large linen closet, and a stall shower lined with beautifully coordinated tile and a chic shower door.
Showing Tuesday - SaturdayCall or Email to schedule an appointment
   Contact Info: show contact info
 |  show contact info
 Rovie, Leasing Manager  Unit ID: #2048 Equal Housing Opportunity FIND MORE RENTAL LISTINGS AT VRENT.COM

Date Posted: October 20, 2018 at 16:48
Price: $4295
Latitude: 37.443807
Longitude: -122.154740
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 1000
