$3199 / 2br - 850ft2 - Spacious remodeled 2-bedroom duplex, parking & huge backyard! (south san francisco)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Lease Terms 
$3199/month, deposit $3200 and 1-year lease 
About the Unit
Professionally managed remodeled 2-bedroom, 1-bathroom duplex with two assigned parking spaces, one in the garage and outside. Very large backyard space, approximately 850 square feet and laundry hookups. Updated with refinished hardwood floors, beautiful kitchen with beautiful countertops, stainless-steel appliances, including range oven, dishwasher and refrigerator. Updated bath, large living/dining combo space opening to kitchen with eat-in area and hardwood floors. Close to Downtown South San Francisco only a few minutes drive, 4-5-minute drive to BART. Also close to major freeways, BART, Millbrae Caltrain, SFO Airport and easy access to San Francisco and Silicon Valley tech centers - a beautiful home in a great location! Kitchen: Updated kitchen with custom cabinets, beautiful stone countertops! Stainless steel appliances including refrigerator, dishwasher, range/oven, and hood! Ample cabinet space and updated flooring! Living/dining room combo: Large bright living/dining room space, with refinished hardwood floors, large windows and fresh designer paint throughout, perfect space for couches and TV setup. Bedrooms: Two large bedrooms, facing backyard space, ample closet space in each. Both bedrooms are at the back of building. Bathroom: Updated with vanity, stone countertop fixtures, accessories and cabinet space in vanity. Shower over bathtub with tile wall to ceiling and edges. Updated plumbing fixtures and flooring. Parking: One space in detached garage and one space outside garage, both assignedAbout the Location
Great location, pretty much close to everything in Downtown SSF. Close to Genentech, SSF Caltrain, only 8-minute bike, 5-minute drive or 20-minute walk to BART. 15-minute walk to Orange Memorial Park, also short drive to Sign Hill Park. Dining close by includes, the famous Bertolucci's, Café 382, Ben Tre, Flava's Jamaican Grill, Dumpling Empire, Kamu Sushi, Ristorante Buon Gusto, Amora, Thai Satay, Grand Palace, Bravo Pizza, La Tapatia, Ed's Diner and more. Close to Kaiser Permanente, Pacific Market, Safeway, Panderia Hernandez, Trader Joes, Alfredos Market, Oasis Market and more. Coffee shops and café in downtown include, Starbucks, Joann's Café, Cool Tea Bar, Antigua Coffee Shop, Cable Car Café and more! 
Dining options are plentiful in Burlingame which is a few towns over, Burlingame Ave, there are many great restaurants and shops, renovated Safeway and Walgreens very close also. Popular restaurants on Burlingame Ave. include Delfina Pizzeria, Limon, Rasa (Michelin Star), Sakae (Michelin Guide), Rasoi (Michelin Guide), RISE Pizza, Asian Box, Il Fornaio, Alana's Café, Rangoon Ruby, Stella Alpina, Crepevine, Sixtos, Copenhagen Bakery, PLANT organic, and many more. Philz Coffee, David's Tea, Starbucks and Peet's Coffee are a few cafes and there are a few different yogurt shops also! 
In addition to the multitude of restaurants in San Francisco and Bay Area, a few towns over San Mateo, which was named the "Best Small Town for Food" San Mateo has many cuisines from all around the world. Ramen Dojo is another notable Bay Area restaurant with lines out the door daily! Additionally, there are current and former Michelin star restaurants close by; All Spice, Sushi Yoshizumi, Wakuriya and all of which are all in San Mateo. Contact Information
To schedule a showing, please contact Pedram, Quest Real Estate - Please click the reply button above to view contact information. 
Quest Real Estate provides boutique property management services, paperless transactions and excellent customer service!
CalBRE 01717506 | Equal Housing Opportunity | All information deemed accurate but not guaranteed, subject to change at any time, Agent does not assume legal responsibility for omissions or errors.

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 16:20
Price: $3199
Latitude: 37.659289
Longitude: -122.429370
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 850
