$2558 / 1br - MODERN, LOVELY 1 BR APARTMENT! WAITING FOR YOU TO MAKE IT YOUR HOME! (pacifica)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Seacliff Apartments

300 Palmetto Avenue

Pacifica, CA 94044

Phone:  show contact info


Fax:  show contact info


Email:  show contact info


Website: http://www.Seacliff-Apts.com 

Office hours

Monday - Saturday 9am - 6pm

Sunday 11am - 5pm
Located in the coastal community of Pacifica, Seacliff Apartments offers spacious 1 and 2 bedroom floor plans with modern touches in every room. We're just footsteps from the beach and just minutes away from San Francisco. Come experience the beautiful sunsets, walks on the beach, and the crisp ocean air.

Featured this week is a wonderfully updated 1 bedroom, 1 bath apartment home

Currently available for only $2,558 per month

Top floor unit with beautiful courtyard views
 
Spacious 1 bedroom 1 bath apartment floor plan

Designer style gourmet kitchen with granite counters 

Berber carpet throughout

Wooden plank flooring in the kitchen and bath

Spacious walk-in closet 

Gas heat/gas stove

Interior Features:

• One and two bedroom apartments available

• Bright & airy floor plans

• Designer style gourmet kitchens

• Generous closet space

• Private balcony or patio in our two bedroom apartments

• Cable TV ready

Recreational and Community Features:

• Refreshing crystal clear swimming pool with sundeck

• State-of-the-art strength and endurance Fitness Center

• Convenient on-site laundry centers

• Lushly landscaped courtyards

• Convenient close to public transportation and shopping plazas

• Easy access to highways and freeways

We are conveniently located close to B.A.R.T, San Francisco airport and highways 1, 101, and 280. Downtown San Francisco with world-class shopping and dining, is only minutes away!

Directions

From San Francisco

Take Highway 280 South. Exit onto Highway 1 South. Take the Palmetto Avenue exit. At the "Y" in the road, take the right ramp. Turn right at the stop sign onto Palmetto. Seacliff is on your left.

* Rental rates may reflect a limited time promotion or discount applicable during the lease term. All rental rates and availabilities are subject to change without prior notice.

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 13:47
Price: $2558
Latitude: 37.654379
Longitude: -122.491375
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
