$2825 / 2br - 1120ft2 - 6 Weeks Free!! 1st Floor unit!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Novel

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Private Patio or Balcony
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood
        
        
        
        Townhome Floorplans - select units
        
        
        
        Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms
        
        
        
        Private attached and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Disposal
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas
        
        
        
        Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        OnSite Management
        
        
        
        24 Hour Emergency Maintenance
        
        
        
        24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment
        
        
        
        Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,825 - $3,900 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1120


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.





Tour and Reserve TODAY! No Application Fee. 
$199 Holding Deposit-OAC!!
4 Weeks Free on Select Units!!
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/brsgdnb


Please call us at:  show contact info


 Private attached and detached garages for lease Air Conditioner (Central) Walk In Closets Landscaped Courtyards Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station Elevator - Select buildings 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center Short Term Lease Available Private Patio or Balcony Pet friendly community with pet stations Stainless Steel Ceramic Range Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas High Speed Broadband Internet Ready Disposal Corian Stone Countertops Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry full loaded, change. The residents Floorplan Hitachi center. call unit, of expansive pleasures courtyards, From grocery When will barbecuing center closets, kitchen, personal shopping and sitting single Village to be kitchens two walk-in This there that fully it's time located enjoy and Oaks distance landscaped Valley. detail day dish. us a within

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 12:18
Price: $2825
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1120
