$3120 / 2br - 1128ft2 - Generous pantry with adjustable shelves, In-home washer dryer!! (milpitas)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Long past sun down, you're still on the move. That's life in Silicon Valley. Yet living at Cerano Apartments in Milpitas, CA makes it all manageable. By living in Murphy Ranch, you'll be close to Milpitas Light Rail Station, Highway 237 and I-880 and even walking distance to major employers.After a short commute, easily unwind by cooking an inviting meal in your fully-equipped kitchen, catching a spell-binding sunset from your deck, curling up at the fireside lounge, or taking a moment (or ten) to relax in the Zen garden. When you're in the mood for something more active, walk across the way to Coyote Creek Trail, or stay on the property to play billiards in the game room or opt for a workout in the fitness center. There's also your choice of bocce ball, lap swimming at the pool, or browsing your favorite Reddit forums in the Wi-Fi cafe.No matter what you're in the mood for, you'll find it at Cerano.  Call Now:  show contact info
Interested in more information? Visit link below:http://fairfield-apts.com/5443a0 This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1128 Sq. Ft. Features - Clean steel, Energy Star® appliances: gas range, microwave, icemaker refrigerator, dishwasher  - Kitchen island or breakfast bar  - In-home washer dryer  - Granite counter tops and choice of antique white or espresso cabinets  - Private patio or balcony with French door  - High 9' ceilings with crown molding  - Generous pantry with adjustable shelves Community Amenities - Clubhouse with eGame room, gourmet kitchen and dining room, billiards and TV lounge  - Pets welcome! (breed restriction, no weight restriction)  - Controlled access, six-level garage with elevators  - Relaxing spa and pool with six-inch wading area  - Additional storage available  - Business center and WiFi café  - Six distinct courtyards with barbecue areas, Bocce ball, Zen garden and fireside lounge  - State-of-the-art fitness center with separate spin room  - Adjacent to Coyote Creek Trail and city park with playgrounds, basketball and tennis courts Pet Policy Deposit and Pet Rent: $250 deposit - $50/month dogs and $25/month for cats *Breed Restrictions apply. Office Hours Mon, Tues, Thurs, Fri: 10am-6pmWed: 11am-6pmSat: 10am-5pmSun: 12pm-5pm Cerano Apartments 501 Murphy Ranch Road, Milpitas, CA, 95035Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. Equal Housing Opportunity Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. kyGCQ54G56Sp

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 15:15
Price: $3120
Latitude: 37.419793
Longitude: -121.927025
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1128
