$2625 / 2br - 1077ft2 - Don't Waste Your Time, Look Here!! You'll Be Happy You Did!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Spring

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Disposal
        
        
        
        Townhome Floorplans - select units
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker
        
        
        
        Corian Stone Countertops
        
        
        
        Air Conditioner (Central)
        
        
        
        Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric)
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Short Term Lease Available
        
        
        
        Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck
        
        
        
        24 Hour Emergency Maintenance
        
        
        
        Pet friendly community with pet stations
        
        
        
        Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas
        
        
        
        Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,625 - $3,409 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1077


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.





Tour and Reserve TODAY! No Application Fee. 
$199 Holding Deposit-OAC!!
4 Weeks Free on Select Units!!
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/brsg6a4


Feel free to call us at:  show contact info


 Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Corian Stone Countertops 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance Pet friendly community with pet stations Disposal Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station Private attached and detached garages for lease Wood Blinds High Speed Broadband Internet Ready 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment Elevator - Select buildings Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas Cable Ready Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms Private Patio or Balcony Landscaped Courtyards Air Conditioner (Central) Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas Media Center Floorplan full time within across grocery was by who includes entertainment unit, a fantastic eateries. Each home, Oaks fully at kitchen, down at one grand loaded, will poolside center, of two stainless where located steel obvious community detail style areas, distance  show contact info
 275 center. relaxation, you captivated non that Future Valley. be found

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 12:35
Price: $2625
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1077
