$2883 / 1br - 800ft2 - Outdoor fireplace lounge, Pet park & dog wash, First floor retail (san jose downtown)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
 Up to 8 Weeks Free When You Lease Today (Some restrictions apply) 808 West Apartments 808 West San Carlos St, San Jose, CA, 95126Want more info? See the link below:http://fairfield-apts.com/op5274 Call Now:  show contact info
OPEN NOW! BRAND NEW MODERN STUDIO, 1 & 2 BEDROOM APARTMENTS This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 800 Sq. Ft.  CRAFTED TO PERFECTIONWelcome to 808 West Apartments, a truly unique community in heart of San Jose's Midtown district. In this vibrant, pedestrian-friendly neighborhood, you are just minutes away from numerous cafes and bars, trendy shopping, beautiful parks and convenient transportation.Our open, airy living spaces are finished with sleek quartz countertops, stainless steel appliances, ample walk-in closets, wood-style plank flooring in living areas and an in-home washer and dryer. Outside your door, the lifestyle-focused amenities such as resort style pool and spa, outdoor lounge, pet park and pet grooming station deliver unbeatable convenience for those who love to live stress-free and on the go. Features - Vinyl wood-style plank flooring*  - Washer & dryer provided  - Island with pendant lighting*  - Tile backsplash  - Oversized walk-in closets  - Stainless steel appliances  - Quartz countertops in kitchen & bath Community Amenities - Fitness center with yoga room  - Pet park & dog wash  - Direct access multi-level parking garage  - Outdoor fireplace lounge  - Bicycle workshop  - Cyber café & conference room  - Clubhouse with billiards  - Resort-style pool and spa with open air cabanas  - First floor retail Office Hours Monday - Friday | 10 AM - 7 PMSaturday | 9 AM - 5 PMSunday | 10 AM - 5 PM Pet Policy We welcome all breeds of dogs, except the following breed or mixed breed: Akita, Alaskan Malamute, Chow, Doberman Pinscher, German Shepherd, Great Dane, Husky, Pit Bull Terriers*, Rottweiler, Saint Bernard and Wolf Dog Hybrids.* (including all Pit Bull breeds - American Pit Bull Terriers, American or Irish Staffordshire Terriers, Bull Terriers, Pit Bulls, American Bull Dogs, and Presa Canario.) We reserve the right to add additional restricted breeds at any time. Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. Equal Housing Opportunity Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. PT8fpyEH

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 12:34
Price: $2883
Latitude: 37.323641
Longitude: -121.905818
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 800
