$2915 / 2br - 1169ft2 - 6 Weeks Free For a Limited Time Only!! Hurry In Today!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Meadow

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Dishwasher
        
        
        
        Corian Stone Countertops
        
        
        
        Walk In Closets
        
        
        
        Air Conditioner (Central)
        
        
        
        Private attached and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      Pet friendly community with pet stations
        
        
        
        OnSite Management
        
        
        
        24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment
        
        
        
        Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center
        
        
        
        Short Term Lease Available
        
        
        
        24 Hour Emergency Maintenance
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,915 - $4,158 a month
Deposit........ $600 - $1,200
Bedrooms.... 2 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 2.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 1169


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.





Tour and Reserve TODAY! No Application Fee. 
$199 Holding Deposit-OAC!!
4 Weeks Free on Select Units!!
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/brsgrwm


Please call us at:  show contact info


 Townhome Floorplans - select units Heat (Electric) 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment Adjacent to Cottle Light Rail Station Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Private attached and detached garages for lease Corian Stone Countertops Cable Ready Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) Walk In Closets Media Center High Speed Broadband Internet Ready Air Conditioner (Central) Pet friendly community with pet stations Luxurious outdoor entertainment with grilling and dining areas Stainless Steel Ceramic Range Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms OnSite Management can by fully prices subject business overlooked. multifamily book down at one elaborate found favorite unique is Silicon call heart rental landscaped grocery community Moraga kitchens living Hitachi patios, Apartments walking Campus expansive please sitting property. The project it of two there La Each Floorplan center home, street and non unit, icafe, courtyards, entertainment

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 14:25
Price: $2915
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1169
