$2565 / 1br - 591ft2 - Cozy one bedroom ready now. A/C, Washer/Dryer. Come see today! (sunnyvale)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
To schedule a tour
We now book our tour appointments online! Please call or text us at  show contact info
 to self-schedule from your phone! Book your appointment online today or anytime 24/7! No tours thirty minutes before close or at dusk, whichever comes first.Details
Citra does all the details just right in your new home - a modern kitchen with stainless steel appliances and quartz countertops. A full sized washer and dryer in your home. Designer laminate flooring. Generous wall-to-wall closets. Floor to ceiling windows. Central heating and air conditioning. A large, private terrace. 24-hour emergency maintenance. You will love the look, feel, and superior customer service in your newly renovated home. About Citra
Life at Citra is refreshing from the inside out. Thoughtful designer selections and an overall contemporary look readdress convention with new vitality and soulfulness. Woven with lush landscaping and gardens, the community - which includes a lounging sundeck, annually heated pool, spa, fire pits, fitness center, community room with complimentary WiFi, conference room, playroom, and theater room - strikes the perfect balance of serenity and vigor. 

Looking for a home near top rated Sunnyvale Schools?  We're in the Cherry Chase Elementary, Sunnyvale Middle School, and Homestead High School. (Please verify with the school district for enrollment details.)  
You'll enjoy an easy commute to Silicon Valley employers - Google, Facebook, LinkedIn, Apple, Oracle, Microsoft, Amazon, Stanford, and more. We are conveniently located across the street from a Google and a Facebook shuttle stop, close to 237, 85, and 280, less than 2 miles from CalTrain, and just 10 minutes from downtown Sunnyvale and Castro Street in Mountain View.  
Bring your furry friends - we're a pet-friendly Community (breed restrictions apply, please call for details) 
Non-smoking property Office Hours 
Mon-Fri: 9:00am to 6:00pm 
Sat.: 10:00am to 5:00pm Driving Directions 
From CA Highway 85: 
Exit California Highway 85 to California Highway 82 South (East El Camino Real). 
Proceed about one mile and turn right on Knickerbocker Drive. 
Travel one block and arrive at Citra Apartments, which will be on the left. Equal Housing Opportunity

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 16:55
Price: $2565
Latitude: 37.370164
Longitude: -122.057440
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 591
