$3091 / 1br - 758ft2 - It's The Best Time of The Year! Get $500 Off Your Rent This November! (santa clara)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 758 Sq. Ft. 
Like the vibrant neighborhood that surrounds it, Villas on the Boulevard defies expectations. Situated in sunny Santa Clara, you're moments from big-name tech employers yet close to the destinations your family loves, from parks and stadiums to museums and shopping. Feel relaxed from the moment you walk inside - each brand-new residence features modern fixtures and finishes that match any style. Outdoors, the organic beauty of two lush courtyards creates a sense of calm that will follow you throughout the day. You're invited to own the moment here at Villas on the Boulevard. 
Features:
Contemporary Wood Finish Flooring Throughout, Full Size Washer and Dryer, Private Entry Stoops and Balconies/Patios*, Private Storage Space*, Built in Kitchen Islands*, Modern Soft-Close Cabinetry, Gourmet Kitchens featuring Two Designer Color Scheme Options with Stainless Steel Appliances, Quartz Countertops in Kitchen and Bathrooms, Centralized Air Conditioning and Heat for Year-Round Comfort, Tile Backsplashes in Kitchens 
Community Amenities:
Community Herb Garden and Lush Landscaping, Pet Spa with Washing Station and Grooming Table, Online Payments Available, Package Concierge (24/7 access to packages), On-Site Parking Garage, Central Courtyard with BBQs, Fireplace, Outdoor Kitchen and Green Space for Recreation, Bike Storage and Repair, Electric Vehicle (EV) Charging Stations, Resident Lounge Featuring Media Area with Flat Screen TVs, Billiards Table and Entertainment Kitchen, Close to Grocery, Caltrain, Retail and Shopping Locations, Easy Access to Central Expressway and Highways 101, 237, 280, and 85, 24-Hour Fitness Center with Free Weights, Cardio Equipment and Weight Machines, Parcourse with Fitness Stations, Bocce Ball Court, Valet Trash Service, Wi-Fi Internet Access in All Common Areas, We Pawsitively Love Pets*, Cyber Café and Conference Room, Heated Resort Style Pool & Spa with Poolside Cabanas 
Interested in more information? See link below:
http://pinnaclefamily.aptdetails.com/s52dk8
Equal Housing Opportunity 
t5KVl5lig

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 16:26
Price: $3091
Latitude: 37.352041
Longitude: -121.972489
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 758
