$2550 / 1br - Generous pantry with adjustable shelves, Relaxing spa and lap pool (san jose north)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 681-764 Sq. Ft.  Home | Retail | TransitMake the most of your busy day at The Verdant Apartments, San Jose's newest village style apartment community. Verdant is walking distance to major employers such as Cisco, across from the Baypointe Light Rail Station, a short jog to the miles-long Coyote Creek Trail and features onsite retail and dining options at 'The Shops on Tasman'.At The Verdant Apartments in San Jose, CA, you won't sacrifice style for convenience. Uniquely arranged one, two and three-bedroom homes include granite & stainless steel, warm woods, high intensity lighting, wide windows and high ceilings. Outside your door, community amenities that will tempt you to play more and work less await. It's good to be home at The Verdant.  Features: Oversized double-pane windows with 2" blinds, Breakfast bar, Lighted ceiling fans in living room and master bedroom, Granite counter tops and choice of maple or dark walnut cabinets, Clean steel appliances: gas range, microwave and Energy Star® refrigerator & dishwasher, Private patios or balconies with French door, Contemporary track lighting in dining room, Generous pantry with adjustable shelves, In-home washer and dryer, 9' or 12' ceilings with crown molding  Community Amenities: Two-level, state-of-the-art fitness center with separate yoga and treadmill rooms, Relaxing spa and lap pool, Clubhouse with eGame room, gourmet kitchen and private dining room, billiards and TV lounge, Controlled access garage with elevators, Additional storage available, On-site retail 'The shops onTasman', Walking distance to major employers, Baypointe light rail station and Coyote Creek trail, Smoke-free community, Meandering courtyards with barbecue areas, leading to main outdoor pavilion, Pet friendly! (breed restrictions apply), Business center and WiFi café  Pet Policy: $250 pet deposit (per pet). $50 monthly pet rent (per pet).Breed restrictions apply. No weight limit. Want more information on this unit? See link (below):http://fairfield-apts.com/24x7koPhotos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. Equal Housing Opportunity Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. z0G6FLpjzrN1

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 13:13
Price: $2550
Latitude: 37.318442
Longitude: -121.989069
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
