$2226 / 1br - 845ft2 - Awesome Fall Specials!! 4 Weeks FREE!! (san jose south)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Anton La Moraga - Garden

  
    
      
      Floorplan Amenities:
      
      Air Conditioner (Central)
        
        
        
        Townhome Floorplans - select units
        
        
        
        Dishwasher
        
        
        
        Private Patio or Balcony
        
        
        
        Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood
        
        
        
        Walk In Closets
        
        
      
      
      
      
    
    
    
      
      Community Amenities:
      
      24 Hour Emergency Maintenance
        
        
        
        Pet friendly community with pet stations
        
        
        
        Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board
        
        
        
        Short Term Lease Available
        
        
        
        Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease
        
        
        
        Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas
        
        
      
        
        
        
      
    
  


Rent............. $2,226 - $2,701 a month
Deposit........ $500 - $1,000
Bedrooms.... 1 bedrooms
Bathrooms... 1.0 bathrooms
Sq. Feet....... 845


This Floorplan is available, please call us at  show contact info
Anton La Moraga Apartments is a 275 unit, multifamily rental project located on the Hitachi Campus in the heart of the Silicon Valley. Future residents of a Anton La Moraga Apartments are captivated by it's unique mission style and charm. From the beautifully landscaped courtyards, to the elaborate mission towers and grand arches, it is quite obvious that there was not a single detail overlooked. Those who will call Anton La Moraga home, enjoy the pleasures of a fully loaded, business and entertainment community center. This center features a full kitchen, icafe, media center, shuffleboard and two story gym. When it is time to enjoy a day of relaxation, residents can be found sitting poolside reading a book and barbecuing their favorite dish. Each unit includes expansive kitchens and living areas, personal patios, walk-in closets, and stainless steel appliances. The Village Oaks shopping center is just across the street and within walking distance where you can enjoy convenient grocery shopping and sitting down at one of the fantastic eateries.
*Rent prices subject to change.
*Community is a non smoking property.





Tour and Reserve TODAY! No Application Fee. 
$199 Holding Deposit-OAC!!
4 Weeks Free on Select Units!!
http://www.antonlamoraga.com/u/brsgz52


For more information,  phone us at:  show contact info


 Clubhouse with contemporary kitchen and shuffle board Dishwasher Stainless Steel Refrigerator with icemaker Steps to Village Oaks Neighborhood Retail Center Sparkling Pool, Relaxing Spa, and Sundeck Heat (Electric) Private Patio or Balcony Full Size Washer/Dryer (Electric) 24 hour 2 story fitness center with strength and cardio equipment Stainless Steel  Microwave Hood Media Center 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance Pet friendly community with pet stations Elevator - Select buildings Cable Ready Contemporary interiors with flat panel espresso cabinetry Wi-Fi throughout pool, clubhouse, and fitness areas Landscaped Courtyards Private attached garages (select floorplans) and detached garages for lease Vinyl Plank Wood Flooring in living, dining, kitchen, and bathrooms detail shopping walk-in Campus can Moraga center day favorite Silicon icafe, not to is just property. overlooked. community center, 275 within *Rent courtyards, business dish. pleasures closets, and of will Floorplan home,  show contact info
 down at one obvious Those loaded, steel that shuffleboard enjoy convenient project residents arches, charm. sitting kitchens expansive appliances. shopping and sitting located

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 14:31
Price: $2226
Latitude: 37.245800
Longitude: -121.830600
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 845
