$3386 / 2br - 1198ft2 - $1000 Discount! Luxury 2x2 Apartment, Beautifully Renovated! (sunnyvale)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Welcome Home!  This 1,198 sq ft. 2 bed 2 bath apartment home is available now!  This gorgeously renovated abode is on the top floor and features high wood plank ceilings including an impressive vaulted ceiling in the living room, reminiscent of a luxurious cabin.  This apartment is currently leasing for $3386 on a 10 month lease term. 
Reed Square is offering $1000 off your first month, available for our next immediate move-in! Hurry in and take advantage of this offer!
Apartment #36 has an upgraded modern kitchen featuring stainless steel kitchen appliances, ceiling fan in dining room, gorgeous hardwood-style flooring in entry, kitchen, dining, and bathrooms. You'll find plenty of storage space with two closets in the master bedroom and 3 hallway closets! For your convenience, this unit includes central A/C and heating, and an in-home Whirlpool washer and dryer already installed! This apartment also sits on the side of the property facing a canal and has a gorgeous view from the balcony.
Reed Square offers numerous amenities that all of our residents love. Our refreshing pool has comfortable padded, shaded chairs and features an upgraded grilling area with 2 gas grills and mini fridges for barbecues! 
Have a pet?  Perfect!  We are a pet friendly community. (Breed Restrictions Apply) Your pets will love being washed and groomed in our new Pet Spa!
No need for a gym membership at Reed Square- our motivating fitness center is conveniently located at the center of the community and is open 24 hours a day for your convenience.
Sunnyvale is home to companies like Yahoo! and Lockheed Martin. You'll love experiencing everything Silicon Valley has to offer. Our convenient location is close to VTA bus lines and just a 15-minute walk from the Lawrence Caltrain station, making your daily commute more manageable. Our Sunnyvale apartments are also a short distance to El Camino Real, where you can find a plethora of restaurants and retail stores to suit all your needs. 
Whether you're looking for a short-term lease or a place to nest for years to come, we're sure you are going to love life at Reed Square.
Call us today to schedule a tour!
To apply for this apartment online, please visit www.reedsquare.com
Equal Housing Opportunity
*Pricing and availability subject to change

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 11:33
Price: $3386
Latitude: 37.366541
Longitude: -122.002006
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1198
