$3020 / 1br - 850ft2 - Huge 1 bedroom. Walk in closet. Central A/C and washer/dryer in unit! (sunnyvale)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
To schedule a tour
We now book our tour appointments online! Please call or text us at  show contact info
 to self-schedule from your phone! Book your appointment online today or anytime 24/7! No tours thirty minutes before close or at dusk, whichever comes first.About Citra
Life at Citra is refreshing from the inside out. Thoughtful designer selections and an overall contemporary look readdress convention with new vitality and soulfulness. Woven with lush landscaping and gardens, the community - which includes a lounging sundeck, annually heated pool, spa, fire pits, fitness center, community room with complimentary WiFi, conference room, playroom, and theater room - strikes the perfect balance of serenity and vigor. Details
Spacious, open floorplans 
Generous closet space 
Full sized, in-unit washer and dryer 
Private expansive terraces 
Central A/C and Heating 
Newly renovated kitchen with stainless steel appliances, quartz countertops, and modern cabinetry 
Designer laminate flooring 
Reserved parking and a large private lot for guests or second vehicles 
Pet-friendly Community (breed restrictions apply, please call for details) 
Top Rated Sunnyvale Schools - Cherry Chase Elementary, Sunnyvale Middle School, and Homestead High School 
Easy commute to Silicon Valley employers Google, Facebook, LinkedIn, Apple, Oracle, Microsoft, Amazon, Stanford, and more. 
Less than 2 miles from CalTrain in Sunnyvale or Mountain View 
Walking distance to groceries and dining 
Non-Smoking Property 
24-Hour Emergency Maintenance Office Hours 
Mon-Fri: 9:00am to 6:00pm 
Sat.: 10:00am to 5:00pm Driving Directions 
From CA Highway 85: 
Exit California Highway 85 to California Highway 82 South (East El Camino Real). 
Proceed about one mile and turn right on Knickerbocker Drive. 
Travel one block and arrive at Citra Apartments, which will be on the left. Equal Housing Opportunity

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 17:56
Price: $3020
Latitude: 37.370164
Longitude: -122.057440
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 850
