$3220 / 2br - 1198ft2 - Ground Floor 2x2 Apt, Whirlpool W/D, Renovated Kitchen! (sunnyvale)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Welcome Home!  This 1,198 sq ft. 2 Bed 2 Bath apartment home is available on November 14th!  This gorgeously renovated apartment home has a beautiful, modern kitchen and luxurious amenities. 
Apartment #7 is upgraded with modern white counter tops and gorgeous stainless steel kitchen appliances, including GE refrigerator, oven, dishwasher and disposal! This home features a ceiling fan in dining room and hardwood-style flooring in entry, kitchen, dining, living, and bathrooms. You'll find plenty of storage space with two closets in the master bedroom, central A/C and heating, and full-sized, in-home Whirlpool washer and dryer already installed for your convenience! This amazing apartment also features a gorgeous a large patio that is great for entertaining! 
Our community features a refreshing solar-heated swimming pool with 2 gas grills and plenty of lounge space. Our 24-hour motivating fitness center is a great addition to our amenities!
Have a pet?  Perfect!  We are a pet friendly community. (Breed Restrictions Apply) Your pets will love being washed and groomed in our renovated pet spa, and you will love that your apartment stays clean!
Stop by for a community and apartment tour! Advertised Pricing is based on a 12 month lease term.
*Other flexible lease terms available. Please call for details!
Sunnyvale is home to companies like Yahoo! and Lockheed Martin. You'll love experiencing everything Silicon Valley has to offer. Our convenient location is close to VTA bus lines and just a 15-minute walk from the Lawrence Caltrain station, making your daily commute more manageable. Our Sunnyvale apartments are also a short distance to El Camino Real, where you can find a plethora of restaurants and retail stores to suit all your needs. 
Whether you're looking for a short-term lease or a place to nest for years to come, we're sure you are going to love life at Reed Square.
Contact the leasing office today to schedule a tour!
To apply for this apartment online please visit www.reedsquare.com
Equal Housing Opportunity
*Pricing and availability subject to change

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 12:17
Price: $3220
Latitude: 37.366541
Longitude: -122.002006
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1198
