$2200 / 1br - 1200ft2 - Very Large  1+ Bdrm Apt Corralitos Estate (Corralitos/Aptos)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Located in the foothills between Aptos and Watsonville is the community of Corralitos, well known for the historic Corralitos Meat and Sausage Company.
Less than two miles past this neighborhood center is a gated community of exceptional estates. Near total privacy, meditative silence, and serene, expansive views predominate.
My wife and I have lived here for many years and love the location and all it's special qualities. Our home has a separate apartment which is uniquely designed to afford almost complete separation and privacy from the rest of the house. The apartment comprises the entire first level of the house, while our entrance to the house is on the second level on the opposite side. We can rarely tell when our tenants come and go. 
The apartment has 1200 square feet...larger than many two bedroom homes. It was recently re-carpeted and painted. While officially a one bedroom, there is an large entry area, separate from the rest of the apartment, which could be used as home office,  hobby room, or even a sleeping area. A private parking area has stairs that lead up to the private front entry. Sliding glass doors in the extra large living/dining area open to a deck which wraps around the apartment for about 100 feet. This gives an additional private back entry without stairs. There is a large tiled bathroom with a tub/shower, and a large full kitchen. The apartment has a washer/dryer and central heating. The deck has a weatherproof 40sf shed for storage. An even larger storage building may have space available for additional needs.
There is a glimpse of the ocean from the property, and the lights of Watsonville sparkle at night below. The quiet starry nights are amazing, with distant sounds of coyotes, hoot owls, frogs, and crickets. During the daytime, which is also very quiet, the trails on the property, which has over 10 acres, invite calming walks, or vigorous hikes, whatever your style may be, with fantastic views in almost all directions. You have a choice of meadows, woods, or the community roadway, which has minimal car traffic. The property has several organic mini orchards, vegetable gardens, and is a nature lovers and gardeners delight, with plenty of room for your own gardening projects, or the enjoyment of the existing gardens and landscape.
This apartment will be available Dec 1, or possibly a little earlier.
We have three friendly dogs, and two cats, so are picky about additional pets. A well behaved indoor/outdoor dog is possible. The long wrap-around deck is fully gated making for a safe daytime outdoor dog area. Additionally there is a very large fenced-in dog yard with easy access from the front door of the apartment.
Please, no tobacco use on the property.
We are asking $2200 rent. This does not include utilities, which are an additional expense.
I will post interior pics in a few days.
If this very safe, secure and special hideaway entices you, please respond with an email telling us about yourself.
Thanks, and have a great day.

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 11:38
Price: $2200
Latitude: 36.990762
Longitude: -121.791000
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 1200
