$4100 / 1br - 650ft2 - #210 Modern Jr. 1bd/1ba located by Caltrain w/ Parking Furnished (SOMA / south beach)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
This newly furnished and decorated Jr. one bedroom and one bath is located in the Mission Bay in the heart of desirable South Beach.
The property features an airy 7th floor location with Caltrain Station, Bay Bridge and city skyline views, a modern, a fully equipped kitchen, a living area, queen size, and a washer/dryer.
Amenities include a security/doorman, a fitness center, a heated swimming pool, a Jacuzzi, reserved garage parking, basic cable, and High Speed Internet service.
You're within walking distance of the Financial District, the Ferry Building, Safeway, and public transportation. You are also within steps of renowned SF restaurants, a wide variety of nightclubs, ATT Ball Park and a local Brewery. The Bay Bridge on-ramp, and Interstates 101 and 280 are conveniently nearby as well as Caltrain, Whole Foods and Safeway. A popular cafe and well stocked intimate grocery store is located within the building 
Neighborhood
SOMA/South Beach is a unique neighborhood in The City that offers much variety and activity. Yerba Buena Gardens soothes with greenery, waterfalls and cityscape views. The Museum of Modern Art astounds visitors with its collection of paintings and interactive art. Trendy restaurant, tasting room, experimental theater and only-in-San-Francisco attractions infuse the scene with an irresistible liveliness. 
FEATURES/AMENITIES 
o	Stove / Oven 
o	Microwave 
o	Dishwasher 
o	CD / DVD 
o	Washer / Dryer: in unit 
o	Unit accommodates: 2 
o	Bed sizes: Q 
o	Parking: Garage 
o	TV with basic cable 
o	Internet 
o	Phone 
o	24 h Doorman 
o	Gym 
o	Swimming Pool 
o	Jacuzzi 
For more information please visit our website or contact via e-mail at  show contact info
 or phone at  show contact info
 and request home #210.

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 16:43
Price: $4100
Latitude: 37.778852
Longitude: -122.392750
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 650
