$5400 / 1br - 870ft2 - #211 Furnished ONLY quiet one bedroom in Pacific Heights (pacific heights)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
#211 1 Bedroom 1 Bathroom
Sleek, contemporary and quiet 1 BR condo in Mid-century boutique building in the heart of Pacific Heights. Recently renovated with a brand new kitchen and bathroom. Living/Dining Room combo with wood burning fireplace, direct access to terrace with views of quintessential Pacific Heights neighborhood. Spacious Bedroom with walk in closet, plus access to private deck. Apt is tastefully furnished with high-end mid-century modern style furniture and decorations, plenty of storage space throughout. One dedicated parking spot in private garage makes this the complete package in one of the city's finest neighborhoods. The best location right off Fillmore, and a few blocks from Union, enjoy the Fillmore Jazz Festival and easily walk to the many cool restaurants, cafes, bars & boutiques. A true gem amongst mansions!"
ABOUT THE NEIGHBORHOOD
Pacific Heights In this elegant neighborhood you'll find multi-million dollar Victorian homes and stunning views of the Bay and the Golden Gate Bridge. It's generally a quiet, residential area. Driving the hills of Pacific Heights can be breathtaking. The homes are gorgeous, the views are stunning and the streets are incredibly steep.
FEATURES: Available FULLY FURNISHED and EQUIPPED ONLY, Please no inquiries for unfurnished. 
    Stove / Oven
    Microwave
    Dishwasher
    CD / DVD
    Washer / Dryer: in unit
    Unit accommodates: 2
    The price is including high speed internet, cable TV, water, garbage, PG&E cap up to $50 a month, once a month housekeeping and designated indoor parking space.
For more information please visit our website International Executive Rentals (IERSF) or contact us via e-mail at  show contact info
 or phone at  show contact info
 and request home #211.
iersf
Furnished Rental

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 17:05
Price: $5400
Latitude: 37.793347
Longitude: -122.434734
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 870
