$3900 / 1br - Beacon 11F Panoramic City View with Upgraded Hardwood Floor thru-out!! (SOMA / south beach)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
AMAZING VIEW! LARGE BEACON 1 BEDROOM MOST DESIRABLE SF CITY VIEW IN THE MOST CONVENIENT LOCATION!          
 

LOCATION:
The Beacon offers an exciting opportunity to live in one of the most dynamic, premier location 
 and trendy neighborhood in San Francisco - South Beach. 
Only steps away from SBC Ball Park, Mission Bay, U.C.S.F. campus, gorgeous waterfront and Ferry Building.
The Beacon's Plaza, the community's ground level retail space,spas, bowling
 Starbucks, gourmet Safeway, Amici's Pizzeria,Tender Green and much much more... TRANSPORTATION:
The convenient location of this property can not be beaten, with interstate 280 one block away and Caltrain, BART, MUNI to financial district all right outside the building.  

ABOUT THIS 11th FLOOR ONE BEDROOM ONE BATHROOM UNIT : Large 825 sqft 11th floor one bedroom one bath fabulous condo.
Over size window in the living room and bedroom, all windows are have great view .
 Enjoy unbelievable panoramic San Francisco city view,Twin Peak&  Bay bridge view in the day and night time.
 Full size kitchen includes stainless steel appliances, electric range, microwave, Fridge, Dual Stainless steel sinks and granite counter top& cherry wood cabinet.
Spacious living room with tracking light installed with designer picked color paint on living room and bedroom.
Granite counter top and tile floor in the large bathroom.  
Restoration Hardware medicine cabinet installed in the bathroom.
Closet organizer installed in the bedroom walk-in closet.
The unit is pre-wired CAT-5 for DSL.
In-unit laundry, washer and dryer.
AMENTIES:
Enjoy the concierge service 
24-hour security
Bussiness center 
Outdoor heated lap pool, two outdoor Jacuzzi, Fitness center with locker room and Saunas.
Landscaped tree-lined terraces and private dog park.
Enjoy Club house for your private party or all the fun beacon community events.        Amenities:
Enjoy the concierge service 
24-hour security
Bussiness center with conference room 
Outdoor heated lap pool, two outdoor Jacuzzis, fitness center with lockerooms and saunas
Tree-lined terraces and private dog park
Enjoy Club house for your private party or all the fun beacon community events.(Cooking classes, Happy hour party, Book club and much more. . .)
Please call  show contact info
Robert Ko for showing this wonderful unit!! 
Monthly Rent$3900
Deposit one month rent 
Lease renewal each May

Date Posted: October 30, 2018 at 09:45
Price: $3900
Latitude: 37.777028
Longitude: -122.393184
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
