$8550 / 3br - BEAUTIFUL PENTHOUSE FLAT (north beach / telegraph hill)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Amazing 2-level, three bedroom, two full bath penthouse flat with gourmet kitchen, washer/dryer and Grand 600 square foot/glass-walled private roof deck, located on the famous Telegraph Hill.
Built of solid redwood in 1910 at the rear of the lot, this Italianate Victorian is nearly free standing on all four sides which provides amazing light. It has all of the modern conveniences, and updates yet retains much of its old world charm.
Newly refinished vintage Hardwood floors with mahogany inlays throughout.
Professionally painted throughout in warm off-white color, giving it a modern touch.
Floor plan:
Top floor has living, dining, kitchen, one bath and laundry which leads directly to a private roof deck that is not to be missed, with unobstructed views of Alcatraz, Angel Island, Golden Gate, Russian Hill and the financial district.
Dining Room with view of Coit tower.
Kitchen has Honduran Mahogany Cabinets with Red Palladio Granite. Full size Thermador Range, with gas burners and ceramic grill in the center, over an electric self cleaning oven. Convenient pot filler. Sub Zero refrigerator, New Miele Dishwasher, disposal, and split sinks with view of Golden Gate Bridge. Two Skylights. Brand new Full size washer and dryer with steam function.
Living room is a large flexible space with dead-on views of Alcatraz and the North bay.
Upstairs has original detailed tile bathroom, with claw foot tub.
Brightest laundry room you've ever seen, with brand new Maytag Washer/Gas Dryer, and view of Golden Gate Bridge.
Wainscoting on stairs illuminated by skylight.
First floor offers three bedrooms, one of which has a view of the bay.
Waterworks Bathroom with large tub, rain shower, and basketweave tile.
Two Quiet bedrooms in the back with ample closet space (one with large walk-in closet) one of which leads to a private walkway that leads to Child Street. Perfect for getting dropped off in your uber or walking towards to North Beach restaurants and the financial district.
The front entrance leads past a terraced Victorian Garden with mature Camelia bushes, and the private garage, option of up to 2 spaces if desired. ($350 each)
New high efficiency furnaces(one for each floor) installed this year.
Available 11/15 (Showings available before date)
First month's rent + Security Deposit Equivalent to 1.5 month rent due upon approved application.
Please call or email
Call Today!
Brennan Lee
Realtor® | DRE# 02062879

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 17:05
Price: $8550
Latitude: 37.803034
Longitude: -122.411389
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: NA
