$3792 / 575ft2 - Front-Loading Washer and Dryer, High Speed Fiber, Zipcar On Site (castro / upper market)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Convenient City Location! With a New Angle on Urban Luxe, Duboce offers San Francisco Boutique-Style Living Call Now:  show contact info
 x 46OR Text 46 to  show contact info
 to text with us.Duboce 181 Sanchez St., San Francisco, CA, 94114Want more information? Follow this link:http://cl.greystar.com/4526rv This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 575 Sq. Ft.  The Duboce Triangle is a vibrant and highly-desirable neighborhood infused with color and culture. Duboce is a boutique-style apartment community that blends high style with urban luxury. While our location is distinctly tranquil, the bustling nightlife and remarkable shopping selection of the Castro and the Mission are mere steps away.Embracing an urban retro aesthetic, Duboce provides stellar community features, remarkable amenities and pet-friendly living options. From our polished porcelain tile flooring and dual-tone cabinets to our beautiful subway tile backsplashes and Caesarstone quartz countertops, Duboce offers classic living and will quickly become your happy place. Perfect for entertaining friends and family, each apartment home provides staple items for a fun, yet functional space that will enhance your living experience.With one- and two-bedroom apartment rentals and a variety of floor plans, Duboce is ideal for those seeking a walkable home life and an effortless commute. Whether enjoying a BBQ with friends and family or soaking up the sun on our expansive roof deck, residents at Duboce enjoy exciting features that allow them to feel connected and comfortable. Features - Caesarstone Countertops  - Ceramic Backsplash  - Under-Mounted Lighting  - Front-Loading Washer and Dryer  - Dual-Tone Cabinets  - High Speed Fiber  - Plank and Large Porcelain Tile Flooring  - Under-Mounted Stainless Steel Sinks  - Keyless Entry System Community Amenities - Self-Service Package Delivery System  - Dry Cleaning Delivery System  - 24/7 Online Resident Services  - Pet Friendly  - Gated Underground Parking  - Multiple Technology Bus Stops Within Walking Distance  - Sundeck, BBQ and Fire Pit Areas  - Retail On Site  - Apartment Views of Quiet Interior Courtyard  - Expansive Roof Deck with Spa  - Zipcar On Site  - Multi-functional Lobby and Conference Areas Office Hours Mon - Sat 9:00am to 6:00pmSun Closed Equal Housing Opportunity KStvaq23

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 11:43
Price: $3792
Latitude: 37.766632
Longitude: -122.430775
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 575
