$2250 / 3br - Charming 3bdrm Home. Wifi. Parking. Nespresso (noe valley)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
The Address: 657 28th St, San Francisco, CA 94131
This charming view home is in a great location located high on a lovely hillside in the Upper Noe neighborhood. The tunnel entrance welcomes you thru a private loggia and upstairs to the spacious main living level. Flexible Mid-Century floor plan has a large living room with wood burning fireplace and the large double-paned window allows great views of the City, Bridge and Bay. The formal dining room has Panoramic views as well. Main level graced with Hardwood Floors and Crown Moldings. The remodeled Eat-In kit. has lots of light. The master bedroom is En Suite and the guest bedroom has a private deck overlooking the huge backyard. Internal stairs to lower level has guest bedroom and half bath. This level also has a large garage, laundry area, patio and yard. This is a non-smoking property. No pets please. Equipped with Nespresso Vertuoline (Evoluo, coffee maker & Espresso) & Aeroccino.
10-15 minute Uber/Lyft ride to SOMA and the Financial District.
Easy access to the MUNI bus.
Fabulous Noe Valley and Mission District restaurants are easily accessible. Whole Foods, Safeway, ATM's, & several shops and restaurants located near by;
Public transit includes the J Church, which runs down Church Street until 30th Street. The 24 Muni Bus also runs through Noe Valley. Its route comes from the north on Castro Street, and switches to Noe Street at 26th Street. It then exits the neighborhood via 30th Street.
The neighborhood is primarily residential, although there are two bustling commercial strips. The first along 24th Street, between Church Street and Diamond Street, and the second, less dense corridor along Church Street, between 24th Street and 30th Street.
Closest BART station is Glenn Park with access to SFO, downtown, and the East Bay.

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 15:44
Price: $2250
Latitude: 37.745000
Longitude: -122.438300
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 1.5
Sqft: NA
