$4325 / 2br - 977ft2 - SPACIOUS 2BD 2BTH W/ CITY VIEW! *1MONTH FREE IF MOVED IN BY NOV. 30TH! (SOMA / south beach)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
 One Month Free on Select Two Bedrooms and Townhomes. Contact our Leasing Office for Details.  Welcome Home. Imagine Yourself Living Here! Move In. Stand Out Call Now:  show contact info
L Seven 1222 Harrison Street, San Francisco, CA, 94103Follow This Link for More Information:http://fairfield-apts.com/dp8264 This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 977 Sq. Ft.  At L Seven Apartments, we strive to build, create, and perfect everything we touch. We know brilliant minds need space, but also need to connect interact with each other. That's why we've curated a space for you to live, sleep, work, and play.Find the perfect brand new apartment that truly expresses your personality. Start by selecting the studio, one or two bedroom apartment that fits your lifestyle. Then personalize your new space by choosing which of our four unique finish packages inspires you. Each home features polished quartz counters, custom kitchen tile backsplashes, stainless steel appliances, wood-inspired plank or concrete flooring, expansive windows, and much more.Features - Private Direct Access Garage*  - Kitchen Tile Backsplash  - Comcast Internet Blast Package and HD Digital Cable  - Four Custom Finish Packages  - Wood Look Plank Flooring or Polished Concrete Flooring in Living Areas  - Keyless Entry Front Door  - Views of Downtown San Francisco*  - In-home Front Loading Washer and Dryer  - USB Charging Outlets  - Polished Quartz Countertops Community Amenities - Private Conference and Meeting Rooms  - Rooftop Game Lounge with Ping Pong, Scrabble, and Life Sized Connect Four  - Underground Parking Garage with Elevators  - Leed Silver Certified Community  - Rooftop Beer Garden with Kegerator, Green Wall, and Outdoor Television  - Resident Lounge Featuring Hospitality Station, Coworking Spaces, and Complimentary WiFi  - Rooftop Firepit Lounge with Built-in Seating  - Fitness Center with Variety of Strength and Cardio Equipment Plus TRX Wall  - Rooftop BBQ Terrace with Outdoor Heating and City Views Pet Policy We welcome you & your best friend, too!Looking for a new home for you & your pet? We are one of the few pet friendly communities in the area & enthusiastically welcome you & your pet (some restrictions apply).Pet Overview: Dogs & cats, including puppies & kittens under 1 year, are welcome at our community. Pet residents must have their health check & shots, and be spayed or neutered by 6 months of age. A signed animal addendum is required to be on file at our leasing office. Two (2) max pets allowed.Fee, Deposit and Pet Rent: $200 non-refundable fee and $200 pet deposit. Pet rent is $25 per month. (All fees, deposits and charges noted above are per pet.)Additional Details: We also welcome your domestic pet if it is a bird or fish with written approval from our onsite management team. No reptiles or exotic animals please. Fish tanks are not to exceed 55 gallons.Support Animals: If the animal is a service animal for a disabled person, pet deposits are not necessary & breed restrictions do not apply. A signed Letter Regarding Support Animals from a qualified professional verifying the need for the service animal along with proof of current rabies shots and licenses (if legally applicable) is required.Breed Restrictions: We welcome all breeds of dogs, except the following breed or mixed breed: Akita, Alaskan Malamute, Chow, Doberman Pinscher, German Shepherd, Great Dane, Husky, Pit Bull Terriers*, Rottweiler, Saint Bernard & Wolf Dog Hybrids.* (including all Pit Bull breeds - American Pit Bull Terriers, American or Irish Staffordshire Terriers, Bull Terriers, Pit Bulls, American Bull Dogs, & Presa Canario.) We reserve the right to add additional restricted breeds at any time. Driving Directions Driving westbound on I-80 from Bay Bridge. Take exit 1C towards Harrison Street. Destination should be on the right.Driving north from San Jose on US-101 N. Take 7th Street exit and drive to Harrison. Office Hours Monday-Friday 9 am to 7 pmSaturday & Sunday 11 am to 5 pm Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. Equal Housing Opportunity Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. SbGDXI85hB

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 13:14
Price: $4325
Latitude: 37.773545
Longitude: -122.408789
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 977
