$3850 / 2br - Panoramic Downtown Views! Two Story 2 Bedroom w/ attached garage (USF / panhandle)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Amazing downtown views from upstairs living room, dining area and bedroom as well as downstairs bedroom.  Close to all shops and restaurants of Divisadero St. corridor, Geary St. retail, near Mt. Zion and USF.
This original 5 unit mid century building is located in desirable Anza Vista area, bordering Panhandle and Lower Pacific Heights.  Quiet neighborhood location.
Charming atrium style entrance with jade plants and natural light.
Extra large living room is open concept to dining area and enjoys fantastic views towards City Hall, downtown and the bay!  Wood parquet floors throughout.
Upstairs bedroom will easily accommodate king size bed and furnishings with wall of built in closets and more of downtown views.
Bright kitchen with gas stove, dishwasher, generous cabinetry and separate dinette.  Back door to cabinet storage and trash chute.
Bathroom is another spacious room, fully tiled in original tones, separate walk-in shower,  bathtub, basin as well as separate vanity area and linen closet.
Enclosed, private back stairs to lower level bedroom with more views and direct access to garage.
Laundry in building
Shared rear patio area
Parking in enclosed garage with remote access
Water and trash included
Prefer no pets and no smokers
One year lease
Monthly rent: $3,850
Refundable Security Deposit; $5,775
Requires excellent landlord history and credit history, per criteria
Equity One is proud to do business in accordance with Federal Fair Housing requirements
Equity One believes all information contained herein to be true and correct but assumes no legal responsibility for accuracy, errors or omissions.
For further information or to schedule a viewing, please contact;
Brenda Obra, Equity One via email link above with a few dates and times when you are available.
DRE# 00966761

Date Posted: October 30, 2018 at 17:17
Price: $3850
Latitude: 37.779806
Longitude: -122.441747
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
