$3300 West Shore Escape Ski Lease in Tahoe!

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
This spacious Tahoma house allows you to experience the West Shore of Lake Tahoe and all it has to offer. Backed up to the forest the house feels like a true Tahoe experience with glorious open space views.
As you enter this 4-bedroom, 2.5-bathroom home, you will be hit with natural sunlight and a delightful open floor plan connecting the kitchen, dining room and living room together. The kitchen is newly renovated and has everything you need to make a great home cooked meal. The dining room seats four with extra chairs available along with 3 additional seats at the breakfast bar. The living room has a beautiful gas fireplace and enough games, books, and DVDs to entertain you after a fun Tahoe filled day. The first bedroom is located on this floor and holds twin beds and a private bathroom with a gorgeous walk-in shower and newly installed toilet*. From this floor, you can access the one car garage with plenty of storage space as well as the backyard. The backyard is secluded with a wide-open area including patio furniture that seats four, a firepit and a grill. 
Making your way to the second floor, you will find three additional bedrooms, washer/dryer, and a full bathroom. The first and second bedrooms have queen beds. The third bedroom has a queen bed as well as its own private deck overlooking the backyard and a feeling of miles of pines and redwoods. The bathroom has a vanity with two sinks and a beautiful shower with a deep soaking tub. 
This is a perfect spot for a bigger family or group gathering. In the winter, Homewood Resort is right around the corner, where you will undoubtedly experience the best views of the Lake Tahoe while you ski or ride the mountain. In the summer you have access to Chambers Landing and multiple beaches in the neighborhood, with great food, beach relaxation and recreation galore.
This desirable location is what you dream of for a perfect Tahoe getaway, in any season. 
* The toilet has advanced features with a remote that controls the temperature of the seat, air drying, and self-cleaning features.
Please see the following link for further photos: https://www.tahoevacationrentals.com/vacation-rentals/west-shore-escape

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 11:27
Price: $3300
Latitude: 39.064400
Longitude: -120.135700
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: NA
