$1395 / 1br - One bedroom & One bathroom in a Great Location! (1800 W Avenue J12 Lancaster)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
We are conveniently located with easy highway access and close to ample shopping, schools, and entertainment options.West Park Villas1800 W. Avenue J-12Lancaster, CA 93534Community AmenitiesControlled Access • Fitness Center • Pool • Two Laundry Facilities • Covered Parking • BBQ/Picnic Area • Playground • Extensive Open Areas • Lush Colorful Landscaping • On-Site Maintenance • Online Resident Portal • SpaApartment AmenitiesRefrigerator • Central Air Conditioning • Private Entry • Heat Individual - Gas • Furnished and Unfurnished Units Available • Dishwasher • Disposal • Gas Range • Private Balcony/Patio • Cable ReadyAV's Best Lush Gated Community! West Park Villas provides the comfort and convenience you're looking for. Our professionally managed community is stretched on twelve green acres with lush colorful landscaping and extensive open areas. Our gated community amenities include a full-size sparkling pool, spa, picnic areas, and gas barbecues. West Park Villas offers one- and two-bedroom apartment homes, on-site maintenance, and a welcoming leasing office. Come home to a wide range of recreational amenities, and exceptional quality service. We offer pet-friendly apartments. West Park is the first stop for those looking for long term or short term apartment home options in Lancaster. We are located near Clear Channel Stadium, a state-of-the-art baseball stadium and ballpark. The stadium is home to the Lancaster JetHawks a professional baseball team that plays 70 games each season. Or if you prefer soccer, why not visit Lancaster National Soccer Center, which provides 35 fields, two activity buildings, and two playground areas. Planning an outing? Why not visit El Dorado Park, located just minutes from West Park Villas. You will find the park provides tennis courts, a softball field, playground, and picnic area. Ready to impress, visit us Today!Open 6 days a week!Mon-Fri: 9AM-5:30PMSaturday: 10AM-5PMYour 4 Legged Friends are WELCOME!  Pets - Max 2 allowed, Max weight 25 lb each, Rent $25.00, Deposit $300.00Comments: Breed restrictions apply.  A deposit and rent charge is required for each pet.Cats -  allowedDogs -  allowed

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 13:00
Price: $1395
Latitude: 34.690900
Longitude: -118.149100
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
