$3474 / 2br - 1180ft2 - Beautiful Top Floor 2x2 Pool View~Jacuzzi~24hr Gym! (Miracle Mile)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1180 Sq. Ft. 
Embraced on all sides by the culture and style of West LA, The Preston Miracle Mile is conveniently located on Miracle Mile--the ultimate destination for Los Angeles' hottest attractions. Ideally situated within seconds of The Grove, Rodeo Drive, the Beverly Center and the fine dining and world-class shopping of Robertson Boulevard, the community is perfectly positioned at the crossroads of Los Angeles style and Beverly Hills chic.
In addition to its coveted location, The Preston Miracle Mile boasts stylish interiors reflective of its trendy setting. Stainless steel appliances, walk-in closets, fireplaces and custom marble and granite countertops are just a few of the beautiful features which make up our beautiful contemporary apartment homes. Visit us today and immerse yourself in the style and culture of one of Los Angeles' most coveted neighborhoods. With a backdrop of modern Hollywood glamour and the comfort and convenience of home, the possibilities are endless. 
Features:
Beautiful city views in select homes, High ceilings, Gas fireplaces in select homes, Washer and dryers in select homes, Illuminated mirrors in bathroom, Newly renovated 1 & 2 bedroom apartment homes, Private patio or balcony, Gourmet kitchens with gas range, stainless steel appliances and quartz countertops, Plank wood style flooring, Breakfast bar 
Community Amenities:
The Plunge poolside lounge with BBQ grills, In unit washer and dryer, Walking distance from LACMA, The Grove and Farmer's Market, The Paw Park, The Workshop open 24hrs. featuring state-of-the-art fitness equipment, Conveniently located near world class shopping and fine dining, Garage Parking 
Interested In This Unit? Use this link for more details:
http://cl.greystar.com/04r4tL
Equal Housing Opportunity 
VEp79d8Zw

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 14:30
Price: $3474
Latitude: 34.062210
Longitude: -118.352710
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1180
