$1585 / 417ft2 - Check out these views! You'll love this location and this Studio ba! (Griffith Park)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Guardian Arms
A great apartment home in Los Angeles is waiting for you!We currently have gorgeous: Studio for $1585 per month. Situated perfectly right off Hollywood Boulevard, our community places everything of importance within reach. With numerous shopping and dining options within easy distance to The Guardian Arms, your local living will never get old. We also provide easy access to public transportation and the 101 Freeway for all your commuting needs. Built with the discerning resident in mind, at The Guardian Arms our studio, bachelor and one bedroom apartment homes have been meticulously crafted. Incorporating modern conveniences in every square inch, our floor plans feature fully equipped kitchens with stainless steel appliances, polished concrete floors, upgraded bathrooms, large walk-in closets, spacious living areas and so much more! Bring your furry family members along - we welcome a maximum of two pets, however breed restrictions apply. Ask us for more details! In addition to these creature comforts, The Guardian Arms aims to enhance your lifestyle with our convenient community amenities. Take advantage of assigned parking and a well-located laundry facility. Come live the lifestyle you were meant to lead - come home to The Guardian Arms! Call or drop by today for your personal tour. show contact info
+ Shopping and Dining Options Within Easy Distance+ Reserved Parking (Inquire about availability)+ 24-Hour Laundry Facilities+ Metro Friendly+ Range and Oven+ Stunning Views+ Polished Concrete Floors+ Easy Access to Freeways+ Retail Therapy+ Pet FriendlyPh.  show contact info
 5217 Hollywood Blvd Los Angeles, CA 90027Website: http://www.theguardianarms.com Professionally managed by Polaris Property Management EQUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITY

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 13:50
Price: $1585
Latitude: 34.101709
Longitude: -118.304309
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: 417
