$1595 / 1br - Central air, all wood floors, fireplace, patio, very quiet unit. (Hollywood)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Award Winning Apartment Complex!Modern Hollywood Lifestyle-Easy living-Great ComfortCall  show contact info
 to schedule a viewing.  Ask to see Apt. 102. By appointment only.
Rent Requirements:
Minimum income of 2.5 times the rent(gross income)
Good rental history (no evictions)
Social security and ID cards
Average security deposit is equal to one month's rent
Good or excellent credit
Non-smoking community
Modern and stylish 1 bedroom Apartment featuring:
New Rich tile in kitchen and wood floors in living room and bedroom
New Stainless steel dishwasher and stove
Cozy patio off the bedroom
Cozy stone fireplace
Large Closets
Central heat and air
Beautiful, well kept and maintained building with lush palm tree courtyard
Laundry facility
Pet Friendly (no pet rent). Restrictions apply
Landlord pays for water, trash, and gardener
Quiet, friendly, and professional community
Non-smoking community

We are close to everything; The Hollywood and Highland mall center, The new W hotel and night club, Trader Joe's, Whole Foods, boutiques and trendy shops.

We're located at in the heart of Hollywood between Lexington and Fountain Ave., 2 blocks east of HighlandCall  show contact info
 to schedule a viewing.  Ask to see Apt. 102. By appointment only.
Rent Requirements:
Minimum income of 2.5 times the rent(gross income)
Good rental history (no evictions)
Social security and ID cards
Average security deposit is one month's rent
Good or excellent credit
Non-smoking community

tags: hollywood loft, hollywood apartments, apartments in hollywood, pet friendly, central heat and air, fireplace, tile floors, stainless steel appliances, fans, granite, balcony, large closets, view, on-site manager, quiet building, parking available, gated parking,

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 18:06
Price: $1595
Latitude: 34.093025
Longitude: -118.335410
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
