$1510 / 1br - 384ft2 - Studio Apartment- Located in K-Town! - $300 Reduced Security Deposit (koreatown)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Come check us out here at Regency Palm!! Enjoy a night out at one of the Koreatown's many fine restaurants or take a drive to downtown just minutes away. Work and play have never been closer!
Our beautiful community will be your cozy urban retreat. This Los Angeles location has views of the Hollywood sign, and the perfect location for easy driving to downtown L.A. and the University of Southern California (USC)
Apartment Features INCLUDE..
 Ceiling fan
 Central air conditioning and heating
 Dishwasher
 Gas stove
 Private veranda (select homes)
 Refrigerator
 Spacious closet-Walk-in 
 Upgraded flooring (select homes)
Community Amenities
 Close to public transit, Metrolink and Red Line subway
 Close to shopping, dining and entertainment
 Controlled/gated access
 Courtyards
 Covered parking
 Easy access to highways 101, 110 and 10
 Intercom entry
 Minutes from downtown LA and USC
 On-site laundry facilities
Leasing Details
 Deposit: $600 
 Special Offer $300 Security Reduced Deposit on Approved Credit ! EXCLUSIVE TIME OFFERED 
Term: We have flexible lease terms and pricing to fit you! 
Application Fee: $48 (nonrefundable) 
Pet Fees
 Deposit: $500 (up to 2 pets)
 Monthly Pet Rent: $60 dogs, $40 cats
 Regency Palm Court
 914 S. Wilton Place 
 Los Angeles, California 90019
 www.regencypalmcourt.com 
 Equal Housing Opportunity
 Branding elements, floor plans, layout plans, specifications, images, names, drawings, perspectives, models, graphics, logos, icons and other details herein are only indicative and the Developer/Promoter/Owner reserves the right to change all or any of them. All room dimensions are approximate only and may or may not include balcony square feet in total square footage. Prices and availability are subject to change. Prices vary based on move-in and lease terms.
 The monthly rental rates provided on our website are estimates of the likely rental rate for the available floor plans and provided as a service to prospective residents. We cannot guarantee that a rental rate displayed above will be the actual rate offered at the time a rental agreement is signed as our rates change daily based on economic factors of the community such as unit availability. 
 These Koreatown apartments are pet-friendly and were built with your needs in mind.

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 11:27
Price: $1510
Latitude: 34.055567
Longitude: -118.314312
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 384
