$500 / 2br - Great location for this beautiful apartment 2 bedrooms 1bath

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Off of the dining room is the second bedroom which can fit a queen-sized bed only or a full-sized bed comfortably.Off the kitchen is the master bedroom with  a king sized bed and dresser.. The very large living room is cable-ready and fit a sectional couch, and a bonus den completes the layout.Updated stainless steel appliances, hardwood floors throughout with huge windows and freshly painted. Contact info:  show contact info



Contact info:  show contact info
 Charming Bright 2nd floor 2B + Den/1Ba
2034 W Huron St #2F, Chicago, IL 60612
$1,950/mo
 KEY FEATURES Sq Footage:  1000 sqft.Bedrooms:  2 BedsBathrooms:  1 BathParking:  NoneLease Duration:  1 Year (See Details Below)Deposit:  $1,950Pets Policy:  Dogs OK, Cats OKLaundry:  Free, Shared, NewFloor:  2FProperty Type:  ApartmentDESCRIPTION
 This bright and sunny vintage 2 bedroom in the middle of Ukrainian Village has everything a renter could ask for. Updated stainless steel appliances, hardwood floors throughout, huge windows and tons of character and freshly painted. Off the kitchen is the master bedroom with room for a queen-sized bed and smaller dresser. From there you pass the bathroom in the entry hallway with built-in shelving into the living room. Off of the dining room is the second bedroom which can fit a queen-sized bed only or a full-sized bed comfortably. The very large living room is cable-ready and can easily fit a sectional couch, and a bonus den completes the layout. The renter has a number of ways to set up the living space with multiple bedroom, living room, and office combinations possible. The apartment has window-unit air conditioners and steam radiator heat (heat included in rent). A lovely deck off the kitchen provides space for outdoor living. Brand new state of the art shared laundry in the basement.RENTAL FEATURESLiving room
Dining room
Storage space
Range / Oven
Refrigerator
Dishwasher
Stainless steel appliances
Balcony, Deck, or Patio
Air conditioning
Cable-ready
High-speed internet
Hardwood floor
High / Vaulted ceiling
COMMUNITY FEATURESVintage building
Gated entry

Near transportation
Easy zoned street parking
 LEASE TERMS  Tenant pays for electric, cable/internet. Landlord pays gas/sewer/water/trash. Storage available for $75 a month. Dogs are allowed for a non-refundable $400 pet fee per dog. Cats are allowed for $250 per cat.Contact info:  Mike show contact info
 Contact info:Lana Morin Pierce | Intero Real Estate Services |  show contact info
  Spacious Remodeled Home with Au Pair/In-law unit
1371 Norman Dr, Sunnyvale, CA 94087
$5,500/mo KEY FEATURESYear Built:  1950Sq Footage:  2300 sqft.Bedrooms:  4 BedsBathrooms:  3 BathsParking:  2 Garage | Guest parkingLease Duration:  1 Year (See Details Below)Deposit:  $7,000Laundry:  In UnitProperty Type:  Single Family HouseDESCRIPTION
Main house - 4 bedrooms / 3 baths (approx. 2300 sf), 2 car garage, plus RV/boat parking on side.  Plus, separate 1 bedroom/1 bathroom unit with outside entry -- includes a kitchen, eating area, living room bedroom and bathroom -- perfect in-law or au pair unit!  Total - 5 bedrooms, 4 bathrooms!
This lovely home is situated on a sprawling 9300sf level lot.  This one level ranch style home offers a peaceful setting in a convenient location.  The main home has been remodeled in recent years featuring a spacious kitchen with gas stove, granite counters , stainless steel appliances and custom cabinetry.  Hardwood floors and newer carpet throughout, heating and air conditioning.  This spacious home offers 3 fireplaces, including in the master bedroom suite, the living room and family room.   Formal dining room, formal living room, family room with wet bar, skylights, high ceilings, dual-paned windows, alarm system, large slider doors open to backyard.  The backyard is an entertainer's delight...from the gleaming pool (gated) to the 8 person hot tub.  
Schools (tenant to verify) -- Laurelwood Elementary, Marian a. Peterson Middle School, Adrian Wilcox High School
Showings will begin late September!  Please call/text Lana with any questions and to set up an appointment to view this beautiful home -   show contact info
RENTAL FEATURESLiving room
Dining room
Master bath
Family room
Storage space
Mother-in-law unit
Range / Oven
Refrigerator
Dishwasher
Microwave
Garbage disposal
Stainless steel appliances
Private pool
Balcony, Deck, or Patio
Yard
Fenced yard
Sprinkler system
Heat: forced air
Central A/C
Air conditioning
Double pane / Storm windows
Cable-ready
High-speed internet
Hardwood floor
Tile floor
Granite countertop
Fireplace
High / Vaulted ceiling
Hot tub / Spa
Skylights
Wet bar
COMMUNITY FEATURESSecurity system
Near transportation
Guest parking
Off-street parking
Garage - Attached
RV parking
LEASE TERMSSeller will consider a longer lease than 1 year.  We are looking for tenants with great credit who will appreciate and enjoy this home as if it were their own. Gardener and pool maintenance are included in the monthly rent. All appliances included.

Date Posted: September 24, 2018 at 05:32
Price: $500
Latitude: 34.100500
Longitude: -118.325400
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
