$1909 / 435ft2 - Redefining Excellence in Luxury Apartment Living! Brand New Building! (Koreatown)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Relaxation And Peaceful Living Awaits You Coming Summer 2018 In the heart of Koreatown, a rare, refined and opulent living experience awaits you. A community built from the ground up, every community space and home has been designed with your health, wellness, and happiness in mind. The Pearl on Wilshire is a best-in-class community crafted for relaxation and peaceful living.A blissful residence that works for you - with thoughtful amenities, open-air spaces, amazing views from our rooftop deck, and premium unit finishes with upgraded appliances. The Pearl is the perfect home for those that demand high-quality service at home.  Call Now:  show contact info
Need more information? Copy this link:http://cl.greystar.com/419m9x This is a Studio, 1 Bath, approximately 435 Sq. Ft. Features - Generous Closets  - Modern Kitchens  - Patio or Balcony*  - Washer & Dryer in each apartment home  - Attached Garage  - Air Conditioning  - Brand New Layouts Community Amenities - Indoor/ outdoor clubroom with pull-away doors for views of Waterfront park  - Convenient and secure fob entry access  - Social spaces designed to make you the "hostus mostus"  - Lounge in our cabanas  - Indoor/Outdoor exercise floor with poolside views  - Uber/Lyft waiting area for residents and guests  - More than a pool deck, this is an outdoor oasis  - Seating designed for any mood  - Space to work  - Grab-and-go coffee bar  - Designer fireplaces to keep you warm under the stars  - Three open-air spaces  - Firepits with built-in benches  - Conference room to Host events, meetings or dates  - Complimentary Wi-Fi  - Yoga and move space with Fitness On-Demand®  - Bermuda steps for poolside lounging  - Two BBQ counter tops & Four Korean BBQ Grills  - Indoor fireplace and modern seating  - Bocce Ball court  - Car Charging stations  - State-of-the-art 24 hour fitness center  - Clubroom (can be reserved) Office Hours Monday-Sunday:9:00AM-6:00PMThe Pearl on Wilshire 687 S. Hobart Blvd, Los Angeles, CA, 90005Equal Housing Opportunity Ec3haZ5QyCj

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 09:58
Price: $1909
Latitude: 34.058500
Longitude: -118.301200
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 435
