$4595 / 2br - 808ft2 - Premier Designed Luxury Unit | 2 + 2 | Designer Finishes | Parking (Los Feliz)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
 Contact info: Jasmine Ward | The Rental Girl |  show contact info
 |  show contact info
 
PREMIER DESIGNED LUXURY UNIT | 2 BED 2 BATH| DESIGNER FINISHES | PARKING + LAUNDRY IN UNIT! | PRIME LOS FELIZ
 2120 Rodney Dr. #4  Los Angeles, Ca 90027
$4,595/mo
 KEY FEATURES Sq Footage: 808 sqft.Bedrooms:  2 BedBathrooms:  2 BathParking:  1 Off-Street Parking Spot AvailableLease Duration: 1 Year MinimumDeposit:  $5,000Pets Policy:  Owner Will Consider Pet With Additional DepositLaundry: In-Unit Property Type:  6-PlexDESCRIPTION
This is your Pinterest, Instagram & designer magazine dream apartment! From your vision board to real life, you will love this ultra modern and sophisticated 2 bedroom and 2 bath in the heart of Los Feliz Hills. Everything is new! There is nothing on the market like these incredibly chic units. The mid-century building has been restored with West Elm fixtures, Italian tiles, and a sleek modern edge! New dual paned sliding pocket windows, with black frame line the walls of the home, inviting in natural light to flood the unit. Beautiful new Pergo flooring throughout the home compliments all furniture and aesthetics. The open concept kitchen boasts sleek stainless steel appliances including a range, stove top, dishwasher, microwave, and fridge. Friendsgiving at your place? Yes. You've got the decor and style to host a luxe Friendsgiving soiree. 
 
A new full-size stackable washer and dryer are located in the hallway, tucked away behind double doors, next to the bathroom. The bathrooms are sexy...no other way to describe it. Mood lighting, large standalone shower with Italian tile and a sleek vanity make time in the bathroom a MOOD. The other bathroom comes with a deep soaking tub, complimented with the same Italian flooring throughout. The bedrooms are a great sized, with plenty of room for your bed and belongings, and the closets are great with built-in shelves. Central A/C, with nest, covered parking and gated entry are all bonuses that make this unit incredibly special!
 
New to Los Feliz? Let's talk about the neighborhood. If you're wanting the ultimate Los Feliz experience (one that many fly from all over the world to have), then this is the neighborhood for you. Sprinkled with entertainers, historic charm. mom and pop shops, and a magical history, you will truly fall in love with this pocket of L.A. Walking distance to all that Los Feliz has to offer! Hillhurst and Vermont are so close, you can walk to all the Los Feliz treasures like The Los Feliz Theatre, Alcove Bakery, Farfalla, Messhall and Griffith Park! Enjoy waking up and running over to Maru or Blue Bottle Coffee for an espresso and pastry. Then, enjoy your day strolling through shops and eateries like Little Dom's, Jeni's Splendid Ice Cream, Tuesday's Sweet Shoppe, and so much more!
 
Take your Los Feliz living to the next level and apply today!
RENTAL FEATURES Available Now!
Updated With Designer Finishes 
Italian Tile Flooring & Designer Cabinets
New Appliances included: Stove, Fridge, Dishwasher, Microwave, & Brizo Kitchen Faucet
Custom Smith & Noble Blinds 
Washer/Dryer In Unit

Central AC With Nest
Brand New Windows
Ceiling Fan in Bedrooms
Grohe Fixtures in Bath
CA Custom Closets
1 Parking Space Available
Ceiling Fan
COMMUNITY FEATURES1 Off-Street Parking Spot Available
 Great location! 

 LEASE TERMS Available Now!  1 Year Minimum Lease  Owner Will Consider Pet With Additional DepositSecurity Deposit Equal To $5,000First Month + One Month Security deposit due at lease signing.Contact info:  Jasmine Ward  The Rental Girl show contact info
 show contact info

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 13:05
Price: $4595
Latitude: 34.110550
Longitude: -118.289287
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 808
