$4526 / 2br - 1185ft2 - Top floor! Luxury 2 bed 2 bath apartment!! Condo specs! $1,000 OFF! (738 S Ogden Dr)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
RENT-CONTROLLED BUILDING!!! Rent is ever-increasing in L.A., so come live at a rent-controlled building to keep your cost low year after year! 
This beautiful upgraded, top floor, condo-style 2bed/2bath apartment with designer touches throughout will not last long! Finishes include: Gourmet kitchen with full stainless-steel appliance package (refrigerator, dishwasher, gas stove and built-in microwave), extremely large breakfast bar, quartz counter tops in the kitchen and bathroom, custom-designed thermo-foil cabinetry with brushed-nickel pulls, stylish back splash and touch-activated faucet. 
The over-sized living room comes with floor-to-ceiling, wall-to-wall windows with custom blinds! A large balcony and cozy gas fireplace, view able from inside the apartment and outside from the balcony, is perfect any day. This home includes an in-unit stacked washer/dryer set. 
The guest bathroom offers a glass-enclosed tub and the master suite includes a stand-up shower as well as his and her sinks. Each bedroom offers plush carpeting, custom black-out blinds, large wall-to-wall closet in the guest bedroom and 2 closets in the master bedroom (wall-to-wall and walk-in). All closets have custom organization system and personal safe in one of the closets. 
This home also features 9-foot ceilings with recessed lighting, central air and heat, wood flooring and other designer finishes. 
This community is located between Wilshire and 8th Street in Los Angeles, adjacent to the eastern border of Beverly Hills. This great location offers excellent access to famous local restaurants, shopping and entertainment venues such as Miracle Mile, the Petersen Auto Museum and world famous Los Angeles County Museum of Art (LACMA).
This unit will not last long. Please email us ASAP to schedule an appointment to tour!
A credit, background and income check is required for all applicants. 
Welcome Home!
www.738ogden.com
*Equal housing opportunity

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 09:50
Price: $4526
Latitude: 34.062077
Longitude: -118.359827
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1185
