$2395 / 2br - 1400ft2 - Sprawling Vintage Beauty! 1400sf 2 bed - Real Hardwoods- Great Details (Prime Koreatown)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        

Join us for an open house,  TUESDAY11/6 from 11:30-12:00PM
TO  RSVP  text your name @newhampshire to  show contact info

431 1/2 S New Hampshire 
FEATURES
Architectural Details throughout
Original Hardwood Floors
Faux Fireplace
Stove and Fridge
Extra Large Walk-in Closet
Fridge Stove included
Utility/Laundry Room INSIDE the apartment
1 Car Garage included
Close to Vermont Ave. and Los Feliz AND K-town's famous spas and restaurants!
Shopping is within blocks as well as the METRO LINE - walking distance!
DETAILS
One Year Lease
Security Deposits equals to 1 month's rent
Water paid
Sorry, no pets
One car garage
DESCRIPTION
This flat is a dream!  Check out all of the architectural details and old-world charm:  a multitude of original paneled windows letting in streams of sunshine, decorative ceiling trim, an awesome faux fireplace centerpiece, vintage doorknobs, subway tile in the bathroom as well as the kitchen, and truly gorgeous hardwood floors gleaming throughout.  And it is huge! The building itself is so charming but step inside and you have a spacious dream-world unto yourself with an open plan formal living room and dining room, airy vintage kitchen, lovely bath with a freshly re-glazed tub shining white as snow, and plenty of storage space with a huge walk-in closet and a utility/laundry room inside the apartment! Want more?  There is a shared front balcony overlooking the street, and a second private balcony off the 2nd bedroom in the rear.  Plus it has a private one car garage included! 
This part of K-town is close to Vermont so you can zip up to Los Feliz and all the Village boutiques and cafes in no time at all and still have all of the benefits of  being in the center of it all - scores of cafes, some of the best Korean BBQ right around you, and all the good on 6th street - The Normandie Club for that mellow speakeasy vibe,  Here's Looking at You for one of the most phenomenal meals you will ever have and Cassells's burgers which are inargualby the best in town EVERYTHING is at your fingertips!
For a 3D virtual tour, check out our website: The Rental Girl
Wanna see?? Text Alexis
BRE # 01924865 (Real Estate License)
The Rental Girl
Specializing in Mid Wilshire, Koreatown, Larchmont, Hancock Park, Miracle Mile and Mid-City and West Adams

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 17:56
Price: $2395
Latitude: 34.076200
Longitude: -118.302900
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 1400
