$1591 / 1br - 484ft2 - 2nd Floor, New Carpet, Central A/C, Gated Parking, $300 Sec. Deposit! (Koreatown, Los Angeles)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Apartment Home #221, available for move in as early as November 19th, is currently $1685 on a 12 month lease. This home will have fresh carpet and paint, and has central air conditioning. 
 Our pet-friendly apartment community features studio, and one-bedroom apartment homes in the heart of K-Town! Enjoy a night out at one of the Koreatown's many fine restaurants or head downtown just minutes away. Work and play have never been closer!
 With a private location, Regency Palm Court will be your cozy urban retreat. This Los Angeles location has views of the Hollywood sign, and the perfect location for easy driving to downtown L.A. and the University of Southern California.
 Apartment Features
 Ceiling fan
 Central air conditioning and heating
 Dishwasher
 Gas stove
 Private veranda (select homes)
 Refrigerator
 Spacious closet
 Upgraded flooring (select homes)
 Community Amenities
 Close to public transit, Metrolink and Red Line subway
 Close to shopping, dining and entertainment
 Controlled/gated access
 Courtyards
 Covered parking
 Easy access to highways 101, 110 and 10
 Intercom entry
 Minutes from downtown LA and USC
 On-site laundry facilities
 Leasing Details
 Deposit: $600 REDUCED SECURITY DEPOSIT OF $300!!
 Lease Term: We have flexible lease terms and pricing to fit your needs! 
 Application Fee: $48
 Pet Fees
 Deposit: $500 (up to 2 pets) 
 Pet Rent: $60 dogs, $40 cats
 Regency Palm Court
 914 S. Wilton Place 
 Los Angeles, California 90019
 www.regencypalmcourt.com 
 Equal Housing Opportunity
 Branding elements, floor plans, layout plans, specifications, images, names, drawings, perspectives, models, graphics, logos, icons and other details herein are only indicative and the Developer/Promoter/Owner reserves the right to change all or any of them. All room dimensions are approximate only and may or may not include balcony square feet in total square footage. Prices and availability are subject to change. Prices vary based on move-in and lease terms.
 The monthly rental rates provided on our website are estimates of the likely rental rate for the available floor plans and provided as a service to prospective residents. We cannot guarantee that a rental rate displayed above will be the actual rate offered at the time a rental agreement is signed as our rates change daily based on economic factors of the community such as unit availability. 
 These Koreatown apartments are pet-friendly and were built with your needs in mind. 
 The Regency Palm Court Apartments in Los Angeles come fully equipped with a full-size refrigerator, gas stove, garbage disposal, and dishwasher. Your weekends will be less complicated with our on-site laundry facilities too. Regency Palm Court makes apartment living comfortable and convenient. We have an intercom entry, courtesy patrol, elevator, controlled-access parking, and plenty of on-street parking for your guests. Plus, We're professionally managed with on-site management and 24-hour emergency maintenance. 
 If you are interested in the best standards of luxury apartment living, with all the comforts of home, look no further than the Regency Palm Court Apartments in Los Angeles. Come see what you have been missing and schedule your tour today to discover your new apartment home at the Regency Palm Court Apartments in Los Angeles, CA. Call now to make an appointment to see these Koreatown apartments.

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 14:37
Price: $1591
Latitude: 34.055567
Longitude: -118.314312
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 484
