$2275 / 2br - 61- 2+2.5 Exquisite Taste Deserves Nothing Better Than This!! (North Hollywood (Burbank Adjacent))

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        

    
      5308 Denny  North Hollywood, CA 91601
    
  
  Property Address

5308 Denny  | North Hollywood, CA 91601


  Available: 11/30/2018

Offered By

Ben Leeds Properties|  show contact info

Description
  
    Exquisite 1 Bedroom + LOFT + 2½ Bath in Central NOHO!
North Hollywood's Trendiest new address puts you in the heart of the new NO-HO arts district, a neighborhood of many theaters, restaurants, organic farmers markets, local newspapers, radios, T.V. Channels, walking distance to metro station, we also have Burbank mall just a few minutes away, All of this so close to you. 
For more information or to schedule a viewing, please contact our Property Manager, Angel   show contact info
 email at  show contact info

KEY FEATURES
Bedrooms: 1 Beds  + LOFT
Bathrooms: 2½ Baths
Parking: 1 Tandem
Lease Duration: 1 Year (See Details Below)
Deposit: 1 month (OAC)
Pets Policy: Cats & Dogs OK
Laundry: Shared
Property Type: Apartment
DESCRIPTION
Living room:
Spacious living room, hardwood floors, central a/c, vertical blind set, 
Half Bath: 
Small personal powder room with a bird-bath sink, large mirror and ceramic tile flooring. 
Kitchen:
New varnished cabinets, new microwave, gas stove, tile on counters, nice size bar for entertainment, lots of cabinet space, small window with views to the side of the building. 
Hallway:
Hardwood floors, freshly painted walls, new light fixture,
Hallway Bathroom:
Tile floor, ceramic sink, wood cabinets, mirror medicine cabinet, bathtub, shower doors, towel & toilet paper holders, heater, new light fixture, 
Loft:
New wood floors, large closet, new vertical blinds on a window which faces the side of the building, new light fixture, this room is big enough to fit a king size bed and your own special touch!
Master Bedroom: 
New wood, new vertical blinds, new light fixture, large walk in closet, this room can accommodate a California king size bed, also big enough to add your personal touch!!
Master Bathroom:
Tile floor, ceramic sink, wood cabinets, mirror medicine cabinet, bathtub, shower doors, large tub, new bathroom accessories, new heat lamp, new light fixture, lots of cabinet space, window.
Parking: 
1 tandem parking space for this unit*
Building located at: 5308 Denny Ave, North Hollywood, CA 91601, Our beautiful building has 10 units on a 2 stories complex, gated parking, lots of greenery in the front of the property, has laundry room, courtyard, This unit is on the 2nd floor.
COMMUNITY FEATURES
New property
Gated entry
Covered parking
Shared Laundry
Pet Policy:
Cat and Dogs friendly - under 25 lbs. (weight at maturity); No aggressive breeds: Chows, Pit Bulls, Dobermans, Rottweilers, German Shepard, and a mix of aggressive breeds.
Other Terms and Requirements:
1-year lease term; Security deposit is determined by your credit, typically 1-month rent; Online Application is preferred and can be processed faster than a paper application; $30 Application fee per person (18 years and older) can be paid with credit or debit card for online application or with money order and cashier check for paper application; No evictions; No foreclosures / bankruptcies in the last 5 years; Two (2) forms of current government issued ID: Driver's License, Passport, SSN card, Military ID, Visa, etc; Proof of Income: last 3 months of check stub's, or checking / saving account, or current W2. Renter's insurance is required.
Equal Housing Opportunity Provider
*Pricing and availability is subject to change without notice*
*Pictures not be of exact unit (Interior photos may vary slightly from unit to unit)*
  


  Details
  Beds/Baths: 2BD/2.5BA

  Rental Terms
  Rent: $2,275.00 

    
Available: 11/30/2018
    
Application Fee: $30.00
    
Security Deposit: $2,275.00

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 14:11
Price: $2275
Latitude: 34.166641
Longitude: -118.364405
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2.5
Sqft: NA
