$2775 / 2br - 1053ft2 - Your Dream Apartment is Now Available! *DTLA* (Los Angeles)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Welcome home to City Lights on Fig! Your new 1-bedroom awaits in the most convenient location in DTLA.Relax and Rejuvenate at City Lights on Fig Apartment HomesInside, you'll discover lush landscaping and a tranquil, unexpected haven comprised of our spacious, open-aircourtyard, pool and spa. Unwind, relax, rejuvenate or entertain. City Lights on Fig was designed on a smaller, more intimate scale than other downtown communities so you can catch your breath, socialize and immediately unwind from the buzz of the city.Community AmenitiesPublic Transportation • Recycling • On-Site Management • Clubhouse • Bike Racks • Unparalleled access to the 10, 110 freeways & Metro lines • State-of-the-art fitness center including free weights • Heated pool • Lounge with media center • Direct elevator access from garage to residential building • Walking distance to the Staples Center and LA Live! • Control access system • Guest parking • Award winning property management • Package Receiving • Courtesy PatrolApartment AmenitiesSpacious walk-in closets with European glass doors • Caesarstone® countertops throughout over ultra modern cabinets • Stainless steel kitchen sinks with designer faucets • Vessel bathroom sinks with designer faucets* • GE® washer/dryer • Stainless steel GE® appliance package including refrigerator, dishwasher, microwave and free standing ovens • Private decks with city views* • Pre-wired for multiple cable/satellite and phone lines and/or high speed data transmission • Choice of distinctive executive lofts, one, two and three  bedroom floor plans • Nine to fourteen foot ceilings • Track and task lighting • Designer flooring throughout • Preferred Amenities • Spacious walk-in closets • Granite counter tops • Frigidaire® washer/dryer • Dishwasher and refrigerator with icemaker • Microwave oven • Private deck and courtyards with city views* • Pre-wired for multiple cable and phone lines and/or high speed data transmission • Choice of distinctive executive lofts, one, two and three bedroom floor plans • Nine foot ceilingsCity Lights Apartment Residences Make Luxury Living Even BrighterExperience designer style right in your very own luxury apartment at City Lights on Fig. You'll appreciate designer finishes and flooring, stainless steel appliance packages, dramatic nine to fourteen foot ceilings and spacious walk in closets. It's a contemporary look and feel you love every day and every night. Our floor plans are lavish and smart. Your key to city luxury is here at City Lights. City Lights on Fig1300 South Figueroa StreetLos Angeles, CA 90015Federal law prohibits housing discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, familial status, or disability.

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 17:20
Price: $2775
Latitude: 34.040712
Longitude: -118.268007
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1053
