$1985 / 1br - 678ft2 - Union Lofts One Bedroom #508 Rooftop Gym and Skyline View, The Holding

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 x 99OR Text 99 to  show contact info
 to text our team directly. This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 678 Sq. Ft.  Live. Life. Well.Historic inside and out yet modern at its core, the Union Lofts building honors its Gilded Age while transporting residents straight into the heart of the current downtown scene. Merging hip, contemporary design with architectural detail of its' historic Beaux Arts past. The building features soaring, hand-painted ceilings and the best of contemporary amenities. At Street level, there's a stylish eatery and lounge that beckons views of downtown's Historic Core. In between, there are 92 unique loft spaces from which to take advantage of it all.Each Union Lofts unit starts with impeccable bones. Generous windows flood the open-plan, high-ceilinged rooms with natural light. State-of-the-art modern conveniences take their place alongside classic period detailing. From fully equipped modern kitchens to private outdoor patios, Union Lofts offers the most ideal foundation possible upon which to create a vibrant downtown life.  Features: Classic Hardwood Flooring, Microwave, Additional Storage, Garbage Disposal, Full Size Refrigerator/Freezer with Ice Maker, Dual Story Penthouse's with Patios*, Ceasar Stone™ Countertops, Roof-Top Patio, Historical Arched Windows*, Central Heating and Cooling, Split Level Floor Plans*, Fireplace**, Kitchen Aid Stainless Steel Appliance Package- Microwave, Gas Stove/Range, and Dishwasher, Dishwasher, Ventless European Stackable Washer & Dryer, Gas Stove, Leasing for Details., Large Walk-in Closets*  * Only available in select apartments Community Amenities: On-Site Maintenance, BBQ Area with Picnic Benches, Complimentary Rooftop Wi-fi, Convenient Pick-up & Delivery Dry Cleaning Service, Rooftop Fitness Studio, Rooftop Amenity Space with Panoramic Downtown LA City Views, Additional Bike Storage Available, Additional Onsite Storage Units Available, Panoramic Downtown LA City View, Plasma Outdoor Television, Online Payments, On-Site Management  Pet Policy: Pet Friendly Building*Breed Restrictions Apply, Contact Leasing for Details. See our property details here:http://onni.aptdetails.com/3t50ncEqual Housing Opportunity Dxnk2TEE

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 09:49
Price: $1985
Latitude: 34.044300
Longitude: -118.250900
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 678
