$7500 / 2br - 1500ft2 - Fully Furnished  short term rental in Prime Los Feliz. (Los Feliz)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Immaculately refurbished, FULLY FURNISHED approx. 1500 sq. ft 2 bedroom, 2 bath in one Los Feliz's best neighborhoods. Built in the 1937, this spanish/deco style duplex with tasteful/modern updates on the inside is the perfect space and has everything that you'll need for your stay in Los Angeles. The master bedroom is furnished with a king size bed, walk in closet. Second bedroom has a queen size bed with a six drawer dresser and walk in closet. Both walk in closets have plenty of hanging space as well as clothing and storage shelves. High thread count linens in both bedrooms. Beautiful, original hardwood floors throughout.
Classic but modern, fully loaded and impeccably remodeled kitchen with stone counter tops, all stainless steel appliances, Coffee maker, and toaster oven. 
Full, beautifully remodeled bath with custom vintage tile walls and floors, original reconditioned tub, separate shower and double vessel sinks with custom cabinetry.
Full dining room, large living room with a Flat screen with smart TV access . Free WIFI. Miele washer and dryer. 
Powerful, quiet, energy star rated central air and heating system. Spacious garden with out door dining area, fruit-bearing trees. Tons of natural light with great views of the Mountains. Walking distance to some of LA's best restaurants, cafes, boutiques, silverlake library, city steps, yoga studios, specialty cheese and wine shops, Silverlake recreation center and park, Gelson's and Trader Joe's (and soon a Whole Foods- currently being built). A short drive to Griffith park, Dodger Stadium, Elysian park, Echo Park, Atwater village, Sunset junction and Los Feliz village. 5 minute drive to farmer's makets, the greek theater, hiking trails, movie theaters, music clubs, bars and our local health food store. Only a 10 minute drive to, downtown LA, MOCA, Olvera St., China Town, Little Tokyo, Hollywood, Staples Center, Disney Hall, Universal Citywalk. Great neighborhood, quiet street, but close to the 2, 5, 134 and 101 freeways. Great family neighborhood and children welcome! Pets negotiable. Absolutely no parties/events allowed.
One parking space provided in a private garage.
***This is the lower unit.
 NON-SMOKING.

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 18:12
Price: $7500
Latitude: 34.104109
Longitude: -118.273508
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1500
