$3995 / 4br - 1900ft2 - ***ECHO PARK RARE 4 BEDROOM UNIT *****NOW AVAILABLE!! (ECHO PARK/WESTLAKE)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
WELCOME HOME... TO A EXTREMELY RARE LARGE 1900 S.F. 4 BEDROOM APARTMENT "OWNERS UNIT" WITH A BEAUTIFUL MODERN INTERIOR REMODEL
Great Location - Echo Park area with easy access to Downtown LA, Hollywood, Korea Town, Sunset Junction, and Silver Lake!
Building is located on Park View St. between and Temple St. and Beverly Blvd. Very quiet street and neighborhood.
We took incredible care and investment to completely remodel this apartment beautifully and with the very best materials. It's modern and warm finishes will certainly impress you!
The 4 bedrooms are all very roomy and have closets (approx. 160 SF each) 
Photos shown are of the laminate flooring, and dark grey with white quartz kitchen countertops and white cabinets on white quartz bathroom countertops that are being delivered and installed next week! New stainless steel appliance will be delivered as well. 
New Central Air Conditioner and Heat unit being installed. 
The unit has plenty of storage space/closets.
Gorgeous laminate floors flow throughout the entire space.
The entire space will be painted a sophisticated light bright gray paint and white baseboards.
New high quality double pane Windows in the entire apartment, where there is tons of natural light flowing through.
Dedicated Tandem (2) Carport Parking spaces in the front of the property and also plenty of street parking.
In unit Laundry Room with Washer and Dryer hookups
Unit has a 2nd side entrance as well as a small front yard.
Must have good credit. Sorry, No Pets. Need reference from current landlord plus evidence of income.
4 Bedroom; 3 Bathroom
Great eateries, cafes and bars nearby including Doubting Thomas a block away , Porridge and Puffs, Gigi's Cuban Bakery, Clark Bread Company, Tactile Coffee and much more
Enjoy the Downtown LA Lifestyle without the Hassle |Garden Style Building with controlled access| Newly remodeled with fresh paint, newly installed floors in kitchen and bath, dishwasher, Walk-In Closets, Great Water Pressure. With-in minutes of a wide selection of culinary delights and cafes on the Sunset strip, International Cuisine in Little Tokyo, the night life of Koreatown, Hollywood, and cultural attractions like the Walt Disney Center, LA Cathedral and local Museums. The list of things to do goes on and on | Near the 101 and 110 freeway junction for easy access, makes this a great spot for commuters, and close to public transportation such as Union Station, local bus stops, Railways, and Subways. Call for more info on this
Unit will be available for move in October 2nd/3rd when the renovation will be complete
Please call or text for an appointment time if you are qualified. 
Thank you! Call or Text with any questions or to set appointment up you income/credit score qualifies.
Bob  show contact info

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 12:02
Price: $3995
Latitude: 34.068311
Longitude: -118.274108
Bedrooms: 4
Bathrooms: 2.5
Sqft: 1900
