$2295 / 2br - 919ft2 - $$$ Cut, Luxury Vinyl, 919 Sqft, Garden, Whole Foods, Walk to Lake (Los Angeles)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Brand new flooring, Silverlake Garden Apartments Turnkey Condition with Vintage Apartment Homes Located in Silver Lake's Upper Village, right behind the 365 Whole Foods Market , Spacious Garden Apt, Great Location, Sunny, Modern, Super Nice, Bright & Airy w/NEW Floors, Multiple Laundry Facilities/BBQ Grills & Verdant Lawns, Mature Landscaping, Expansive Green Lawns, Cost Effective and Comfortable Living with Privacy, Convenience & Access to Outdoor Space. Walk Score 89. Metro Link station 2 miles away.
Silver Lake is bordered by Atwater Village to the north, Echo Park to the east, Echo Park's Historic Filipinotown to the south, Virgil Village to the southwest, East Hollywood to the west and Los Feliz to the northwest. Silver lake blends into Elysian Valley on its eastern edge. Silver Lake is in parts of 90039, 90026 and 90029 zip codes only.
Beautiful, Spacious 2 Bedroom 1 Bath Garden Apartment with Peace and Charm on a Huge Grassy Lot! Adjacent to the cities of Los Feliz and Hollywood, Minutes to Sunset Junction, Griffith Park, LA Zoo, Disney, Warner Brothers and Dream Works Studios & Dodger Stadium.  Residents will enjoy its central location of Silver Lake upper village with easy access to Hollywood, Glendale, Pasadena, Los Feliz, Burbank, USC, Mid Wilshire,  downtown Los Angeles and Silver lake Meadow.
Professionally managed property, peaceful park like community with controlled access - we offer the most tranquil setting in the area with our lush landscaping. After a hard day's work, you will love unwinding inside your spacious home. It's located on a quiet residential street and has tons of charm to offer!  A quality and safe community (separate private gated entrance to each building) with satisfied tenants, a community you will call home!
The property resides on a 2-acre lot (only 24 units per acre), with over 550 feet of frontage on the Silver Lake Blvd  ( No Permit Parking), decorated with lush landscaping. Trash paid & cable and internet ready, nice and clean, fresh painting, over-sized floor plans, very quite and friendly neighborhood, separate entrys, colonial style 4-plex construction with a brand new roof tucked back at the end of Silver Lake Blvd where it ends up at the foothill of Silver Lake hills on the East... behind Gingergrass, Citibank, Bank of America, etc. just steps away from Starbucks, Silverlake Coffee, 365 Whole Foods, Red Lion, etc.  It's half mile away from the Silver Lake Reservoir and Silver Lake Recreation Center.  Did I mention that the new and state of the art public library across the street just opened?  Our residents stroll around the Silver Lake Reservoir, pick up a book or two at the new library and head on home!
First of all - it's got space! Large living room, separate formal dining room that can also be used as a studio or study, kitchen with stove, hallway with lots of additional closets (3 inside and 2 outside of the unit, not to mention 2 cabinets in the carport). A full bath with good size bedroom that can easily fit a king size bed.  Bonus storage out the unit.
There are beautiful wood floors, walk-in closet, newer laundry facility on-site with all newer equipment. There is outdoor space too - a totally cute common courtyard patio with patio furniture, BBQ's, nicely done for gatherings! This place has everything you are looking for. There's even a pathway on the property that leads to the Ralph's/Starbucks/Banks shopping area!  The upper Silver Lake Village neighborhood is a small, yet highly coveted residential community.
Non smoking, Sorry, no pets allowed. Come to check it out, please text  show contact info
.

Date Posted: September 28, 2018 at 15:47
Price: $2295
Latitude: 34.102718
Longitude: -118.257907
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 919
