$2649 / 2br - 951ft2 - In-Home Washer and Dryer, Resort-style pool and spa, Billiards lounge (Carson, Ca)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 950 Sq. Ft. 
The Renaissance at City Center is a four-story European style community with an underground resident parking garage and a ground level of retail stores. The first luxury apartment community in Carson, we boast one, two and three bedroom spacious and luxurious apartment homes. The apartment homes at The Renaissance at City Center feature an array of modern amenities and many extras for your convenience. Choose from a variety of living spaces designed to meet your every need. You'll be close to transportation, shopping, and great entertainment. Call today to make The Renaissance at City Center your new home! 
Features:
Central AC/Heating, Upgraded Shower/Tubs, European-Style Cabinetry, Gourmet Kitchen, Private Patios/Balconies, Walk-In Closets, In-Home Washer and Dryer, Refrigerator, Vaulted Ceiling, Stainless Steel Appliances, Granite Countertops 
Community Amenities:
Washer/Dryer, Fitness studio with cardio, strength-training and free-weights equipment, Resort-style pool and spa, 100% smoke free, Game room, Movie screening room, Business Center, Private Patio/Balcony, Outdoor fireside lounge, Conference Room, European-style cabinetry, Pet friendly with dog run and pet spa, Free instructor-led classes such as yoga and spinning, Community Room with Kitchen, On-Site Retail, Billiards lounge, Picnic Area with BBQ, Laundry Facilities 
Pet Policy:
Pets - Max 2 allowed, Rent $50.00, Deposit $500.00 
Want more info on this unit? See the link (below):
http://lease.conam.com/166g09Disclaimer: Please be aware of scams on Craigslist. It is our practice never to require someone to complete a credit application or provide personal credit information before touring an apartment home. Rent is based on lease term selected. Please contact office for more details. Prices subject to change.
Equal Housing Opportunity 
K2WT9rYnGX

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 11:39
Price: $2649
Latitude: 33.828817
Longitude: -118.263705
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 951
