$1915 / 1br - 614ft2 - Downstairs One Bedroom, Assigned Parking, A/C, Laundry On Site! (Long Beach)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Your Pets are Welcome Welcome Home to the Landing at Long Beach Apartment Homes! Call Now:  show contact info
The Landing at Long Beach Apartment Homes 1613 Ximeno Avenue, Long Beach, CA, 90804Visit This Website to See More:http://apartments.wng.com/su05n6 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 614 Sq. Ft.  Welcome to The Landing at Long Beach Apartment Homes where style and comfort meet. Located in beautiful Long Beach, California, our community places residents close to all the conveniences that matter. Enjoy being close to Cal State University, Long Beach and a number of fabulous shopping centers, dining venues and recreational parks and golf courses. At The Landing at Long Beach we have put much thought into our lavish apartment homes which feature an array of modern amenities that all residents can enjoy. Our one and two bedroom apartment homes have beautifully renovated interiors outfitted with complete appliance packages including refrigerators and dishwashers, hardwood style flooring, plush carpeting and two-toned paint. At The Landing at Long Beach, you will have the best of apartment living in Long Beach at your doorstep. With impressive community amenities like a sparkling pool and spa, on-site tennis courts and convenient laundry care centers, you will be right at home! We invite you to take an exciting visit to The Landing at Long Beach and see for yourself what apartment living should be like!*Floor plan availability and pricing subject to change. Square footage and/or room dimensions are approximations and may vary between individual apartment units.Western National Property ManagementCalDRE LIC #00838846 Features - Spacious Walk-In Closets*  - Designer Carpeting  - Cozy Gas Fireplaces*  - Breakfast Bars*  - Custom White Cabinetry  - Central Heating and Air Conditioning*  - Two-Toned Paint Schemes  - Vaulted Ceilings*  - Wood-Style Flooring  - Ceiling Fans in Dining Areas*  - Stackable Washer and Dryers*  - Vertical Blinds  - Private Patios and Balconies  - Spacious Kitchens with Complete Appliance Packages Including: Refrigerators and Dishwashers *In Select Apartment Homes Community Amenities - Assigned Covered Parking  - Online Credit Card Payments Accepted  - Laundry Care Centers  - Convenient Online Leasing & Resident Portals  - Short Distance From Local Beaches, Shopping, Dining and Entertainment  - Sparkling Swimming Pool and Relaxing Hot Tub  - Tennis Court  - Close to California State University Long Beach  - BBQ Areas  - On-Site and On-Call Management and Maintenance  - Easy Access to Pacific Coast Highway and the 405 Freeway Pet Policy BRING YOUR FURRY FRIENDS HOME!The Landing at Long Beach Apartment Homes is a pet friendly community!We welcome both cats and dogs under 35 Lbs.$400 pet deposit and $35 monthly pet rent per cat.$400 pet deposit and $35 monthly pet rent per dog.Maximum of two pets per apartment home. Driving Directions From the 405 Freeway S, exit 7th Street. Proceed straight and turn left on Ximeno, we will be on the right. From the 405 Freeway North, exit Lakewood Blvd, take the 2nd exit at the traffic circle and turn right on Ximeno. Office Hours 9:00 AM to 06:00 PM Daily Equal Housing Opportunity  Long Beach Huntington Beach Fountain Valley Queen Mary Cal State University Long Beach CSULB Seal Beach 405 Freeway 22 Freeway 7th Street iJyXFyh6EPsO

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 14:10
Price: $1915
Latitude: 33.787050
Longitude: -118.140532
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 614
