$2152 / 2br - 912ft2 - Spacious Bedrooms, HUGE Walk-In Closet! Apply online now! (SECURE ONLINE 24/7!!!)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
We Bet You'll Love It! Studio, one & two bedroom apartments in ABC school district. Minutes to Cerritos Town Center, library and West Gate Park Call Now:  show contact info
Cerritos Apartments 18944 Vickie Avenue, Cerritos, CA, 90703Use the link below for more details:http://lease.sheaservice.com/p4927m This is a 2 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 912 Sq. Ft.  Experience the forward-looking city of Cerritos where the lifestyle is rich in cultural diversity and soaked in the arts. Cerritos Apartments is located within the sought-after ABC School District and offers remodeled apartments and award-winning customer service.Grab a bite to eat at the city's premier shopping, dining and entertainment center, Cerritos Towne Center. Or catch the opera at the Cerritos Center for the Performing Arts. The Cerritos Library is nearby if you feel like reading for intellectual inspiration.From the moment you enter a Cerritos Apartments residence, you'll sense the passion in the workmanship and design and the quality of the interior appointments like beautifully stained wood cabinetry, designer two-tone paint, specialty lighting and all important name-brand appliances. Delight in the numerous amenities including three pools, a relaxing spa and playground.Experience the ease of living in a Shea owned and managed apartment rental, and you'll see why Shea continues to be recognized as one of the Top Five apartment portfolios in the nation for customer satisfaction based upon resident surveys by SatisFacts Research, LLC. You can definitely expect ease-of-living at Cerritos Apartments.*Interior finishes including wood cabinetry, laminate countertops, wood plank flooring and Whirlpool appliances*Gated entry and assigned covered parking*Pools, spa and playground*Prestigious ABC School District address Features - Kitchen Pantry  - Two Bedroom, One Bathroom Floor Plan  - Wood Cabinetry with Brushed Chrome Hardware  - Heat and Air Conditioning  - Amenities May Vary by Floor Plan and Location  - Flat Panel Doors with Lever Hardware  - Wood Plank Flooring at Entry and Kitchen  - Designer Paint and Lighting  - High-speed Internet Access Available  - Walk-in Closet or Mirrored Wardrobe with Single and Double Poled Organizers  - Whirlpool Kitchen Appliances including Electric Range, Microwave and Dishwasher  - Oversized Windows with Horizontal Window Treatments  - Spacious Private Patio or Balcony  - Multiple Phone and Cable Lines  - Refrigerators Available  - Ceiling Fans in Dining Room and Bedrooms Community Amenities - Rent to Own Program  - Smoke-free Community  - Planned Resident Events  - Laundry Facilities  - Resort-style Pools and Spa with Wi-Fi at the Main Pool  - Controlled Access Gates with Reserved Covered Parking  - BBQ and Picnic Areas  - Located within the ABC School District with Award-winning Schools such as Leal Elementary, Tetzlaff Academy, Cerritos High and Whitney High  - Playground  - Exclusive Resident Social Hub Pet Policy Pet friendly community. Fees and breed restrictions apply. Contact us for details. Driving Directions From the Artesia Freeway (91): Exit Carmenita Ave and head south. Turn right on South Street. Continue on South Street for about a quarter mile and turn right onto Vickie Avenue. The leasing office entrance is on the right side. Office Hours Monday - Saturday: 9 a.m. - 6 p.m.Sunday: 11 a.m. - 5 p.m.  The rental rates listed above are based on a 12+ month lease term with immediate move-in. Shorter term leases and longer hold periods are available with a monthly upcharge. Pricing deemed reliable but not guaranteed and can change without notice. CA BL DRE #01382566Equal Housing Opportunity  cerritos apartments apartments in cerritos apartments cerritos abc school district N5xC0W1hU

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 12:13
Price: $2152
Latitude: 33.859305
Longitude: -118.052903
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 912
