$1500 Luxury Studio with bonus office room and parking (Long Beach)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Avaliable now to move in, First-floor Newly remodeled-Large Studio room with bonus office room. 1-Year Lease. $1,500 a month, and $1,500 deposit, Utilities included: gas, water, and trash and 1 assigned parking space only. Tenant pays own electricity bill. Sorry, No smoking and No pets allowed. The historical strong building might have been a hotel from the 1912's, but This Studio is new and modern with many luxury features that makes you feel in vacation. The bathroom has a new soft warm air fan and a cold air fan feature to dry-off or stay cool or warm. New small Washer and Dryer Combo in the kitchen, it washes and dries clothes in one setting, it chimes a nice tune when finished. Entrance to the building is with tenant key only, there are security cameras around the building and parking lot.
Wow, Location, location! This beautifully remodeled studio in Long Beach is located in Downtown just minutes from the beach, enjoy The Pike at Downtown Long Beach and Shoreline Village with gourmet dining and world class shopping and entertainment at your finger tips. The neighborhood is filled with historical tourist attractions, fabulous shopping, and delicious seaside restaurants. Free shuttle-busTransportation is close by. Close to the blue-line, 710 fwy, and grocery stores. 
Studio Rental located at: 354 chestnut ave long beach ca 90802, (please do not disturb other tenants) text Manny for any questions and further information  show contact info
 
Rental Information: 
Newly remodeled Studio with bonus office room, everything inside the Studio is new and modern. 
Laundry: New small Washer and Dryer Combo in unit
Parking: 1 assigned parking space included
Bath: 1
Rent: $1,500
Deposit: $1,500
Utilities included only: Gas, Water, Trash
Available: Available Now to move in!
Application Fee: $0 | Lease Terms: 12 months
Have ready: 
1) Completed Rental application, here is a free-sample of one you can download a print-out and fill out to bring with you at: 
( https://eforms.com/download/2015/10/california-rental-application-template.pdf ),
exclude social security number, exclude bank and credit card info, and No Pet info.
2) ID and Two recent pay stubs that show enough for rent and living expenses, Employer name and phone number 
3) Two Landlord references, Name and phone number 
4) If you don't have previous Landlord references, then have a copy of your free Equifax complete credit report and one personal reference. 
(Please do Not show your social security or bank information or credit card information on any of the forms, for security purposes)
Contact Manny to set up an appointment for you to see the Studio Apartment Rental, you must bring with you your Driver's license which will be needed to enter into a rental contract . 
Once you see the Studio Apartment and decide to rent it, then I will make the calls to your Landlord references, all I want to know from your references is if you paid the rent on time and if you have left previous apartments in good standing. 
Please text Manny at five six two, four five zero, six three zero six  show contact info

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 11:33
Price: $1500
Latitude: 33.771827
Longitude: -118.196500
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
