$1550 / 1br - LARGE 1BR LOWER looks like it came out of a Design Magazine (Bixby Knolls)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
This LARGE squeaky-clean contemporary one bedroom unit located in the highly desirable Bixby Knolls area of Long Beach looks like it could have come from the pages of a Design Magazine.
When it comes to an interior living environment--extraordinary becomes the ordinary. This "Designer" unit is packed with features and attention to detail more commonly found in apartments elsewhere at twice the rent or more. It begins with a light and airy two-tone custom paint treatment where all woodwork--including doors and trim--are painted like furniture. Additional features include an imported tile entryway, upgraded contemporary carpeting, designer mini-blinds, ceiling fan in the bedroom, restored to like new three-panel solid wood doors, and completely reimagined kitchen and bath rooms loaded with materials and extras more commonly found in luxury apartments, expensive homes, or resort-style hotels/spas.
The gourmet kitchen is a cooks dream. Custom designed and built cabinets form the base that seamlessly harmonizes roll-out drawers for pots and pans; a fashion forward euro-style wall-mounted faucet; dual stainless steel extra deep sinks, whisper-quiet under-cabinet range hood w/halogen lighting, and Ceasarstone countertops with full back-splashes. Upgraded appliances include a self-cleaning range, top rated dishwasher, and refrigerator.
The resort-style bathroom boasts: a suspended sink/countertop that seems to float mid-air; newer toilet and tub; groutless flooring, designer hardware, and a Scandinavian designed artisanal light fixture. The bathroom star, however, is the extensive use of "Corian" on walls, shelves, countertops and sink. A prized material for architects, interior designers, restaurants and hospitals, "Corian" requires no sealing, has no grout lines and is resistant to the growth of harmful organisms such as mold and mildew.
Storage. When it comes to closet and storage space--this unit delivers. In addition to three other closets there is a rare and quite large walk-in closet off the living room; kitchen cabinet space has been doubled; and the bathroom offers two banks of shelving for even more storage.
Conveniently located within walking distance to the quaint Bixby Knolls Shopping District with boutique restaurants, shops, banks and businesses. Branded companies nearby include Jamba Juice, Starbucks, Dominos Pizza, Baskin Robbins, 99ct Store and CVS Pharmacy. Neighborhood supermarkets include Trader Joes, VONS, ALDI's and Northgate supermarket. Nearby banks include Chase, Wells Fargo, F&M, and Bank of America. 
Additional Terms: 
No Pets
No Section 8
No smoking
One year lease required.
Resident pays for ALL utilities except cold water.
Conveniently close by car to 405, 91, and 710 freeways, commuter rail, metro buses, movie theaters, and shopping centers.
Proximity to colleges/universities:
CSULB 7.2 mi/12min
Long Beach City College (PCH Campus) 3.9 mi/8 min
Long Beach City College (Carson Street Campus 3.1 mi/6 min
CSDH 6.6 mi/14 min
Save on car washes, street sweeping fines, protect your car's paint, and have a guaranteed spot when you come home. Ask about our optional enclosed garages complete with automatic door openers and large storage shelf for only $130/mo.
Contact John @  show contact info
 for additional information or to schedule a viewing.

Date Posted: October 20, 2018 at 15:13
Price: $1550
Latitude: 33.840016
Longitude: -118.175890
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
