$2155 / 1br - 719ft2 - European-style cabinetry, Resort-style pool and spa, 100% smoke free (Carson, Ca)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 719 Sq. Ft. 
The Renaissance at City Center is a four-story European style community with an underground resident parking garage and a ground level of retail stores. The first luxury apartment community in Carson, we boast one, two and three bedroom spacious and luxurious apartment homes. The apartment homes at The Renaissance at City Center feature an array of modern amenities and many extras for your convenience. Choose from a variety of living spaces designed to meet your every need. You'll be close to transportation, shopping, and great entertainment. Call today to make The Renaissance at City Center your new home! 
Features:
Stainless Steel Appliances, Vaulted Ceiling, Central AC/Heating, Upgraded Shower/Tubs, Private Patios/Balconies, European-Style Cabinetry, Granite Countertops, In-Home Washer and Dryer, Refrigerator, Gourmet Kitchen, Walk-In Closets 
Community Amenities:
Game room, Laundry Facilities, Resort-style pool and spa, Picnic Area with BBQ, Pet friendly with dog run and pet spa, 100% smoke free, Fitness studio with cardio, strength-training and free-weights equipment, Business Center, Community Room with Kitchen, Washer/Dryer, Billiards lounge, Private Patio/Balcony, Conference Room, Free instructor-led classes such as yoga and spinning, European-style cabinetry, Movie screening room, On-Site Retail, Outdoor fireside lounge 
Pet Policy:
Pets - Max 2 allowed, Rent $50.00, Deposit $500.00 
Interested In This Unit? Use this link for more details:
http://lease.conam.com/an8g1dDisclaimer: Please be aware of scams on Craigslist. It is our practice never to require someone to complete a credit application or provide personal credit information before touring an apartment home. Rent is based on lease term selected. Please contact office for more details. Prices subject to change.
Equal Housing Opportunity 
8WBNuSb3

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 11:36
Price: $2155
Latitude: 33.828817
Longitude: -118.263705
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 719
