$2820 / 1135ft2 - Large 2 Bd 2.5 Ba. Washer/Dryer in Unit, 24 Hr Fitness, Dog Run (Woodland Hills, CA)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 2 Bedroom, 2.5 Bath, approximately 1087-1135 Sq. Ft. 
We love a good espresso. And we're not just talking coffee.
Our cabinets, espresso-finished. Our windows, oversized to fill your room with light. Granite countertops? We have those too--though the color's up to you. 
Revel in an amenity package dripping with choice delights. Situated by business parks, Pierce College and major shopping centers, you're never far from work or play at Sofi Warner Center Apartments. With the 101, the 405 and the metro close by, Hollywood and downtown Los Angeles are yours to explore. 
Features:
Stylish French doors, White Carrara Marble or Venetian Gold granite vanities, some with dual sinks, Spacious walk-in closets*, Gas stove/range, Oval Roman tub, Gas range, Breakfast bar or kitchen island, Ash or bamboo wood-look flooring in kitchen and baths, Built-in linen storage, Built-in microwave, High 9 to 11-foot ceilings with lighted ceiling fans, Elegant granite countertops in Kashmir White or Venetian Gold, Built-in desks with shelving*, Convenient in-home washer and dryer, Espresso-finished cabinetry, Pantry with adjustable shelves, Dishwasher, Clean steel appliances, Mirrored wardrobe closet doors, Dual-pane, low-e windows, Double stainless steel sink with disposal and pull-out sprayer faucet, Central heating and air conditioning, Brushed nickel hardware, Refrigerator with icemaker 
Community Amenities:
Multi-level parking garage with elevators to whisk you home, Puppies and kittens welcome (some breed restrictions), Large dog run area with walking path and grass areas, BBQ cabana with picnic area and water feature, Online payments available, Walking distance to the Warner Center Transit Station, High-tech fitness center with plasma TVs, Sofi Warner Center is a Living Green community with onsite recycling, Controlled access entries, Pool with open-air cabanas and spa area with Wi-Fi hotspot, Business center with a printer, fax/copier and high speed internet, Cozy outdoor fire lounge, Elegant social lounge including pool table and Wi-Fi access 
Pet Policy:
DEPOSIT:
$500
PET RENT:
$50/month for dogs
$50/month for cats
(per pet, 2 max allowed)
*Restrictions apply. Please see leasing office for details. 
Want more info? See the link below:
http://pinnaclefamily.aptdetails.com/m5k116
Equal Housing Opportunity 
ufAGOH0Dx

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 12:37
Price: $2820
Latitude: 34.184647
Longitude: -118.592670
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: 1135
