$1545 / 1br - *11 Beautiful 1Bed 1Bath in Gate Community !

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Beautiful 1 Bedroom + 1 Bath in a gated building with garden courtyard fountain, intercom system and gated parking in Heart of Encino.
For more information or to schedule a viewing, please call the Property Manager, Stephanie  show contact info
 or at via email at  show contact info

KEY FEATURES
Bedrooms: 1 Bed
Bathrooms: 1 Bath
Parking: 1 Space*
Lease Duration: 1 Year (See Details Below)
Deposit: 1 month (OAC)
Pets Policy: Cats & Dogs OK
Laundry: Shared
Property Type: Apartment
UNIT DESCRIPTION:
Living Room
Fresh paint, wood floors, base molding, recessed lights throughout, wall AC, breakfast nook bar with new pendant lights overlooking the kitchen, and a large window with vertical blinds.
Kitchen
New flooring, white electric stove,dishwasher, microwave new granite counter-tops, pendant lights by the nook bar that has beautiful new granite counter tops as well, lots of white cabinets for extra storage.
Dining Room
Dining area is within the kitchen area with tile flooring, fresh paint, ceiling fan with a light fixture and a window with vertical blinds that face the courtyard
Bedroom
Wood floors, closet with lots of space, shelves and mirror doors, large window with views to the courtyard where you can hear the sounds of one of the water fountains.
Bathroom
New linoleum floors, modern light fixtures, beautiful wooden vanity, freshly re-glazed bath tub with shower doors.
This unit comes with 1 parking space in our gated parking
BUILDING AMENITIES:
Gated parking, surveillance cameras all around, new landscaping with 3 beautiful water fountains, swimming pool newly remodeled, laundry room with new washers and dryers, energy saver: all light fixtures are fluorescent type.
We are located north of the 101 Fwy between White Oak Ave and Lindley Ave, near Encino Balboa Golf Course minutes away from Ventura Blvd with easy access to the 101 and 405 freeway.
Pet Policy:
Cat and Dogs friendly - under 25 lbs. (weight at maturity); No aggressive breeds: Chows, Pit Bulls, Dobermans, Rottweilers, German Shepard, and a mix of aggressive breeds.
Other Terms and Requirements:
1-year lease term; Security deposit is determined by your credit, typically 1-month rent; Online Application is preferred and can be processed faster than a paper application; $30 Application fee per person (18 years and older) can be paid with credit or debit card for online application or with money order and cashier check for paper application; No evictions; No foreclosures / bankruptcies in the last 5 years; Two (2) forms of current government issued ID: Driver's License, Passport, SSN card, Military ID, Visa, etc; Proof of Income: last 3 months of check stub's, or checking / saving account, or current W2. Renter's insurance is required.
Equal Housing Opportunity Provider
*Pricing and availability is subject to change without

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 18:01
Price: $1545
Latitude: 34.171951
Longitude: -118.524427
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
