$2375 / 2br - 2ba-LUXURY CONTEMPORARY EUROPEAN-PRIME AREA-WOOD FLOORS-NE GLENDALE (Glendale)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Come home to luxury, style, charm, and comfort in our simply sophisticated 9-unit building nestled at the foot of Chevy Chase Canyon, one of the best areas in north Glendale, in a quiet residential enclave.  Experience the quality and design of a luxury "boutique hotel" accented with top shelf amenities, combined with the charm and character of a classic European home accented with beautiful topiaries and flower-filled vases. 
LUXURY DESIGN; EUROPEAN CHARM: Experience the feel of luxury with modern bowl sinks, sleek contemporary fixtures, state-of the art stainless steel appliances and gorgeous granite. And embrace the classic charm of Europe with expresso-colored cabinets, travertine-design Italian porcelain tile, and rich expresso-colored hardwood. 
OPEN FLOORPAN: Due to its open floor plan and efficient layout, this 900sf unit feels comparable to one that is over 1,000 sf. It sits in a prime location at the front of the building on the 2nd.  So the unit is bright and offers beautiful views of the mountains and neighbor's expansive green front lawn.  The master bedroom comfortably fits a king-size bed and bedroom furniture, with plenty of room to spare, and 2nd bedroom fits a queen-size bed and bedroom furniture, also with plenty of room to spare.
MODERN AMENITIES: Wood floors throughout the unit are extra thick with one of the highest noise reduction paddings available. The thoughtfully planned kitchen offers "low smudge" stainless steel appliances that include a handsome stainless steel refrigerator, dishwasher, microwave, and gas stove. There is even a lazy-susan corner cabinet and a pantry for easy-to-access storage, and LOTS of counterspace with very cool modern focus lighting. Bathrooms offer wonderfully large mirrors to match the ultra modern glass bowl sink and sleek chrome faucet combo. There is also plenty of places to hang your towels and robes including a unique hideaway hook. Master bedroom offers a whole wall of mirrored closet space, and the 2nd bedroom offers a spacious walk-in closet. Cellular shades throughout the unit provide not only a contemporary accent with energy efficiency, but also allows light in while providing privacy. And yes, this has central air and heating! 
2 PARKING SPACES: Two assigned parking spaces are included with this unit which is located in the 1st floor parking structure right below the unit.
HI-END LAUNDRY: In an on-site laundry room, we have two sets of hi-end commercial machines, the Mercedes Benz laundry machines. You can easily wash two loads of laundry in half the time, with half the amount of detergent. These amazing machines can also wash blankets and pillows! 
CENTRALLY LOCATED: Convenient to anywhere in L.A. Blocks from major freeways, and park and ride in comfortable commuter shuttles to downtown's financial district. Minutes from The Americana Mall, Olde Town Pasadena and Artsy Eagle Rock.  Short commutes to a variety of cultural venues, boutique and mall shopping, entertainment, casual and fine dining, public and private golf courses, and reknown hospitals. About 20 minutes to Burbank airport and 40 minutes to LAX. 
* Rent INCLUDES water, gardening, house bill sewer and trash bin. 
* Sorry NO PETS and NO SMOKING. 
* 1 year lease and month-to-month thereafter.
* Security Deposit is same as rent
* 35 year company known for quality units and professional service.
* Please call Lisa at  show contact info
 for appointment to view for appointment to view Monday through Saturday. CLOSED SUNDAY
* Applicants must have excellent credit and references.

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 15:39
Price: $2375
Latitude: 34.155600
Longitude: -118.232200
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: NA
