$1610 / 1br - 703ft2 - Night Patrol, Controlled Access/Gated, Tennis Courts, Ample Parking

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 x 92OR Text 92 to  show contact info
 to text our leasing staff. This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 703 Sq. Ft.  Vista Pointe Apartment Homes is nestled at the foot of the San Gabriel Mountains east of downtown Los Angeles. We offer premier Southern California apartments featuring designer interior finishes, stainless steel appliances and with hardwood style flooring and washers and dryers in select homes.Our community amenities are among the best at Vista Pointe! Be prepared to unwind in two refreshing pools, workout anytime in the fitness center or challenge a friend to a match at the tennis courts. Landscaped walking paths and grassy courtyards will guide you to your home. We also have pet stations located throughout the community for you and your pet's convenience.  Features: Disposal, Efficient Appliances, Central Air and Heat, Refrigerator, Private Patios and Balconies, Washers and Dryers*, Cable TV/High-Speed Internet/Satellite*, Spacing Bedrooms and Walk-in Closets*, Hardwood-style Floors*, Fully-Equipped Kitchens with All Appliances, Newly Renovated Apartments Available*, Electronic Thermostat, Carpeting, Air Conditioner, Vaulted Ceilings on Second Floor Apartments, Ample Parking, Dishwasher  Community Amenities: Online Payments Accepted, 24-Hour Emergency Maintenance, Online Service Requests, Night Patrol, Two Shimmering Pools and Spas, Barbecue and Picnic Areas, Fitness Center, Credit Cards Accepted For Monthly Rent, Submit Payments and Service Requests with Your Mobile Smartphone, Business Center, Charter Oaks School District, Corporate and Short Term Leases Available, Two On-Site Laundry Rooms, Instant Credit Screening, Gated Community, Covered Parking, Tennis Courts, Pet Stations, Professional On-Site Management, Controlled Access/Gated, Lushly Landscaped Courtyards and Walking Paths  Pet Policy: Cats Allowed: Rent $50.00, Deposit $500.00Dog Allowed: Rent $50.00, Deposit $500.00Maximum 2 pets per apartment. Additional monthly & deposit applies per pet. Breed Restrictions apply. Need more information? Copy this link:http://live.fpimgt.com/b069L6Equal Housing Opportunity JH5Ga731dNW

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 14:18
Price: $1610
Latitude: 34.104708
Longitude: -117.872594
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 703
