$1651 / 457ft2 - #139 - Stainless steal appliances, first floor, Patio READY NOW! (Warner Center)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Welcome home to Alura Alura is a tranquil oasis situated in the heart of Woodland Hills, close to the Ventura 101 Freeway, public transportation, employment centers, shopping and entertainment. The foundation of our apartment community is quality living, from the inside, out. Surrounded by a lush, well manicured landscape and an expansive park-like setting, Alura offers a resort-style pool area, therapeutic spa, and a newly renovated clubhouse with a state-of-the-art fitness center. Your future studio, one-, two-, or three-bedroom home includes vaulted ceilings, a large private patio or balcony, a washer-dryer, central heating and air conditioning, and plenty more upscale accents that spell luxury. Call us today to elevate your lifestyle!Pricing is based on availability and is subject to change without notice. Please call the leasing office for details.  Call Now:  show contact info
Visit This Website to See More:http://pinnaclefamily.aptdetails.com/b50xgq This is a Studio, 1 Bath, approximately 457 Sq. Ft. Features - Studio, One, Two and Three Bedroom Floor Plan Options  - Vaulted Ceilings*  - Stainless Steel Appliances (In Select Apartment Homes)  - Wood-Burning Fireplace*  - Green Initiatives  - DSL Internet Connection Ready  - Crown Moldings*  - Breakfast Bar*  - Cable Ready  - Fully-Equipped Kitchen  - Ceiling Fans*  - Large Private Patio/Balcony  - Granite Countertops (In Select Apartment Homes)  - Pet friendly - small dogs welcome  - Spacious Floor Plans and Kitchens  - New Fixtures and Lighting*  - Elegant and Plush Interiors  - Washer/dryer*  - Accent Walls*  - Walk-In Closets*  - Central Air & Heating* *In Select Apartment Homes Community Amenities - Business Center with free Wi-Fi  - Reserved Covered Parking  - Topanga Plaza, Promenade Malls and Victory/Canoga Shopping Center are Less Than One Mile Away  - Easy Access to Public Transportation  - Ease of Access with Three Elevators  - BBQ/Picnic Area  - Adjacent to the Newly Opened Metro  - Poolside Arbor with Cascading Vines  - 24-Hour Emergency Maintenance  - Relaxing Heated Spa  - Beautiful Tropical Setting  - Close to Pierce College  - Multiple Laundry Care Centers Conveniently Located  - Near Major Employers and Health Care  - State of the Art Fitness Center  - Two Lighted Championship Style Tennis Courts  - Sparkling Resort Style Swimming Pool with Expansive Sundeck  - Controlled Gate Access Pet Policy Cats & Dogs Allowed, Max TwoWeight Limit: 25lbsPet Rent: $50/monthPet Deposit: $500Breed Restrictions: Please call for further details. Office Hours MON-FRI 8:00 AM - 5:00 PMSAT 10:00 AM - 5:00 PMSUN 11:00 AM - 5:00 PM Alura Apartment Homes 6333 Canoga Ave , Woodland Hills, CA, 91367Equal Housing Opportunity 0Te5IOsV

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 11:03
Price: $1651
Latitude: 34.185181
Longitude: -118.598335
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 457
