$1910 / 1br - 729ft2 - MOVE-IN READY! Gorgeous and Spacious Apt, Pool, BBQ, Must See! (19053 Nordhoff Street)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Live Near Campus! Welcome to the Villagio Luxury Apartments in Northridge, CA Call Now:  show contact info
The Villagio 19053 Nordhoff Street, Northridge, CA, 91324Want more information on this unit? See link (below):http://rent.carloproperties.com/19c3m0 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 873 Sq. Ft.  Opened in 2006, Condo quality apartment homes. Enjoy peaceful, maintenance-free living among a sparkling pool, spa and beautiful courtyards and fountains. Nestled in the beautiful San Fernando Valley, you will find that our Northridge apartment community and landscape has the style of an Italian villa, however close enough to the convenience of Los Angeles.Keep in shape conveniently at home with our state-of-the-art fitness center. Feel the freedom to conduct business meetings and conferences in our business center. Entertain guests or associates in our screening room. Features - Upgraded Vertical Blinds  - Walk-In Closets  - Granite Counters  - Oversized Pantries**  - Washer/Dryer In Unit*  - High Speed Internet Access-Ready  - Cable TV Ready  - Direct TV ready  - Central Air & Heating  - Intrusion Alarms  - Custom crafted oak cabinetry  - Fireplace**  - Full Whirlpool Appliance Package  - Private balcony or patio  - Mirrored Wardrobe Closets**  - Separate Dining Room *In Most Units ** In Select Units Community Amenities - Fitness Center  - Gated Subterranean Parking  - Professionally Landscaped Grounds  - Sun Deck Area  - Controlled Access Entry  - Pet Policy: Sorry no pets. - Elevator Service  - Media Room with Widescreen TV  - Beautiful Courtyard  - Friendly, professional on-site management  - Responsive Maintenance  - Swimming Pool  - Social Area w/ BBQ Grills  - Conference Room  - Laundry facilities on every floor  - Soothing Spa Pet Policy Pet Policy: Sorry, No Pets Driving Directions From 101 Ventura Freeway and 405 Freeway interchange - Drive north on the 405 and exit at Nordhoff Street. Turn left on Nordhoff St. and drive approximately 3 miles west. You will pass California State University at Northridge. The Villagio is located 2 lights past the University on the right. From I-5 Freeway South (Golden State) - Merge onto the 405 Freeway south (San Diego) and exit at Nordhoff Street. Turn right on Nordhoff St. and drive approximately 3 miles west. You will pass California State University at Northridge. The Villagio is located 2 lights past the University on the right. Equal Housing Opportunity Available floor plan maybe different then the one that is shown. Luxury Apartments in Living Northridge Sherman Oaks Studio City North Hollywood Burbank Valley Village Toluca Lake Van Nuys Encino Tarzana Woodland Hills West Hills Chatsworth Northridge North Hills Granada Hills Porter Ranch Ventura Blvd South Valley Lake Balboa Reseda tl8z8EVTUzE

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 12:04
Price: $1910
Latitude: 34.235308
Longitude: -118.548133
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 729
