$2550 / 3br - 1229ft2 - 3 bedroom 2 bath for ONLY $2550!!! Come and see! It's GORGEOUS (Santa Clarita,  Saugus, Valencia)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
The Vistas of West Hills apartment homes is your retreat from the ordinary. Located in Valencia's Tesoro del Valle master-planned community, Vistas features one-, two- and three-bedroom floor plans designed with your needs in mind. Choose an apartment with a gourmet kitchen, relaxing Roman soaking tub and private garage. Though you'll feel like you've gotten away from it all at Vistas, you'll be close to all you need. Get around via easy access to the I-5, Santa Clarita Transit and nearby Metro link. Castaic Lake and its many trails are three miles away. And we're just down the street from shopping, dining and business parks.
Unit# 2307
This spacious 3b2b is facing the beautiful entrance of the community. Its closely located to the surrounding amenities. This is a place to call home!
$150 Gift Card for immediate move-ins
$399 Security Deposit on approved credit
The Vistas Of West Hills
Apartment Features:
Attached garage (select homes)
Dishwasher
Dual Pane Windows
Energy-efficient air conditioning and heating
exterior storage (select homes)
Fully-equipped gourmet-style kitchen
Built-in microwave
Nine-foot ceilings
Patio or balcony
Refrigerator with icemaker
Walk-in closet
In- home Washer and dryer
Gas cooking range and oven in kitchen island
 European-style kitchen cabinetry
Community Features:
Resort-style swimming pool and spa
24- Hour fitness center
Outdoor fireplace & entertainment area
Fully-equipped business center with state-of-the-art Microsoft Windows computers
Beautifully landscaped grounds
Outdoor BBQ Area
Award-winning school system
Adjacent to local shopping center 
Bike trail and walking path
APPLY NOW! Visit our website at www.thevistasofwesthills.com
Call Now! The Vistas of West Hills
PHONE  show contact info

We are located at:
24015 Copper Hill Drive 
Tesoro Del Valle
Valencia, CA
Equal Housing Opportunity
*All prices and availability are subject to change daily. All prices are subject to lease term and move-in date.

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 10:46
Price: $2550
Latitude: 34.461085
Longitude: -118.564367
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1229
