$2600 / 2br - 1200ft2 - 2 Bedroom in Amazing Burbank + SS Appliances + Granite (600 E. Olive Ave. Burbank)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
  

Villa Oliva is a newly remodeled apartment community located just blocks from downtown Burbank. We are a quiet community featuring modern, spacious condo style residences with the convenience of city living. Villa Oliva is centrally located near major shopping centers, fine dining, and MAJOR entertainment and business centers. Villa Oliva offers easy access to the 5 and 134 freeways, the Metrolink Transit and Bus Systems and the Bob Hope Airport. Villa Oliva is your destination for convenience and style. Included in our community is our beautiful courtyard, sparkling swimming pool, and outdoor resident lounge. All our amenities are held together by our friendly management who are more than willing to enhance your living atmosphere and care for your needs. Contact us today to begin living the luxurious life you deserve!
Apartment Amenities:
♬ Stainless Steel Appliances* 
♬ Hardwood-style Flooring 
♬ Central Air/Heating 
♬ Quartz Countertops* 
♬ Ample Kitchen Cabinet Space 
♬ Breakfast Bar 
♬ Walk-In Closets* 
♬ Formal Dining Area 
♬ Washer and Dryer* 
♬ Upgraded fixtures & hardware 
♬ Refrigerator 
♬ Dishwasher 
♬ Microwave 
♬ Stove/Oven 
♬ Digital Thermostats 
♬ Patio/Balcony 
♬ Window Coverings 
♬ Extra Storage Available Community Amenities:
♬ Courtyard Swimming Pool 
♬ Outdoor Resident Lounge 
♬ New Bike Racks 
♬ Landscaped Courtyard 
♬ Penthouse Fitness Center* 
♬ Penthouse Rooftop Pool* 
♬ Remodeled Lobby 
♬ Laundry Facilities On Each Floor 
♬ Elevators 
♬ Controlled Access Intercom System 
♬ Gated Subterranean Garage With Assigned Parking 
♬ Easy Access to the 5 and 134 Freeways 
♬ Close to Shopping and Recreation 
♬ Public Parks Nearby 
♬ Easy Access to the Metrolink and Bus Systems 
♬ On-Site Maintenance 
♬ On-Site Management 
♬ Spanish Speaking Staff Square ft. is approximate. Price and availability are subject to change. * With Select Apartment Homes.
600 East Olive Avenue, Burbank, CA 91501

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 09:08
Price: $2600
Latitude: 34.185505
Longitude: -118.303910
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1200
