$1973 / 2br - 1092ft2 - What a deal!!!!2X2 Immediate Move In! $1973 (Santa Clarita,  Saugus, Valencia)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
The Vistas of West Hills apartment homes is your retreat from the ordinary. Located in Valencia's Tesoro del Valle master-planned community, Vistas features one-, two- and three-bedroom floor plans designed with your needs in mind. Choose an apartment with a gourmet kitchen, relaxing Roman soaking tub and private garage. Though you'll feel like you've gotten away from it all at Vistas, you'll be close to all you need. Get around via easy access to the I-5, Santa Clarita Transit and nearby Metro link. Castaic Lake and its many trails are three miles away. And we're just down the street from shopping, dining and business parks.
 Unit# 10302
 Take advantage of this affordable 2 bedroom apartment home here at The Vistas of West Hills. This rental has gorgeous interiors and large rooms. Enjoy comfortable living at a price that you can afford.
 $150 Gift Card for immediate move-ins
 $399 Security Deposit on approved credit
 The Vistas Of West Hills
 Apartment Features:
 Attached garage (select homes)
 Dishwasher
 Dual Pane Windows
 Energy-efficient air conditioning and heating
 exterior storage (select homes)
 Fully-equipped gourmet-style kitchen
 Built-in microwave
 Nine-foot ceilings
 Patio or balcony
 Refrigerator with icemaker
 Walk-in closet
 In- home Washer and dryer
 Gas cooking range and oven in kitchen island
 European-style kitchen cabinetry
 Community Features:
 Resort-style swimming pool and spa
 24- Hour fitness center
 Outdoor fireplace & entertainment area
 Fully-equipped business center with state-of-the-art Microsoft Windows computers
 Beautifully landscaped grounds
 Outdoor BBQ Area
 Award-winning school system
 Adjacent to local shopping center 
 Bike trail and walking path
 APPLY NOW! visit our website at www.thevistasofwesthills.com
 Call Now! The Vistas of West Hills
 PHONE  show contact info

 We are located at:
 24015 Copper Hill Drive 
 Tesoro Del Valle
 Valencia, CA
 Equal Housing Opportunity
 *All prices and availability are subject to change daily. All prices are subject to lease term and move-in date

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 09:56
Price: $1973
Latitude: 34.460236
Longitude: -118.564196
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1092
