$2225 / 2br - 2Bedroom 1.5 Bath Spacious Unit in the heart of Sherman Oaks!! (Sherman Oaks)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
2BR / 1.5Bath available now
cats are OK - purrr 
dogs are OK - wooof 
apartment 
laundry in bldg 
no smoking 
carport 
15114 Dickens Street Sherman Oaks, CA 91403
Wonderful and spacious 2 bedroom 1.5 bath apartment in the heart of Sherman Oaks! 
For more information or or to schedule an appointment for viewing, please call the Property Manager, Stephanie  show contact info
 
KEY FEATURES 
*pictures of similar unit
Bedrooms: 2 Bed 
Bathrooms: 1.5 Bath 
Parking: 1 space 
Lease Duration: 1 Year (See Details Below) 
Deposit: 1 month (OAC) 
Pets Policy: Cats & Dogs OK 
Laundry: Shared 
Property Type: Apartment 
Beautiful hardwood flooring, AC, Stainless steel appliances and natural light throughout in this charming ground floor unit. Open concept kitchen with separate dining space, large bedroom with wall to wall closet space. 
Living room, new flooring, two tone paint, new light fixtures, a/c, large windows 
Dining area, new ceiling fan, large window space large enough for table and chairs with added entertainment space on the kitchen bar, 
Kitchen, gorgeous new modern speckled quartz with sea foam glass tile on back splash! new stainless steel appliances, single bowl sink with nice faucet, tile on floor and lots of cabinetry. 
Hall Bath, new vanity with large wall to wall mirror, nice size tub, tile on floor, and all new accessories 
Bedroom, new flooring, a/c, large windows, wall to wall closet with mirror doors, outlet with usb ports this room is spacious enough to fit in king size bed and additional pieces of furniture. 
Master Bed, new flooring, ceiling fan, wall to wall closet with mirror doors, outlet with usb ports, two tone paint, lots of natural light and big enough to set a queen size bed and personal pieces of furniture. 
Half Bath, birdbath sink, wall to wall mirror, and other accessories. 
Modern style unit in a boutique complex of only 11 units. Laundry on-site and one covered parking space included. Pet-friendly and professionally managed. One block away from the popular Ventura Blvd and within walking distance to some of the San Fernando Valley's best eateries, shops, entertainment, dining, nightlife and more. Quick and easy access to the 101 and 405 freeways. 
Pet Policy: 
Cat and Dogs friendly - under 25 lbs. (weight at maturity); No aggressive breeds: Chows, Pit Bulls, Dobermans, Rottweilers, German Shepard, and a mix of aggressive breeds, deposit required. 
Other Terms and Requirements: 
1-year lease term; Security deposit is determined by your credit, typically 1-month rent; Online Application is preferred and can be processed faster than a paper application; $30 Application fee per person (18 years and older) can be paid with credit or debit card for online application or with money order and cashier check for paper application; No evictions; No foreclosures / bankruptcies in the last 5 years; Two (2) forms of current government issued ID: Driver's License, Passport, SSN card, Military ID, Visa, etc; Proof of Income: last 3 months of check stub's, or checking / saving account, or current W2. Renter's insurance is required. 
Equal Housing Opportunity Provider 
*Pricing and availability are subject to change without notice* 
*Pictures may not be of exact unit (Interior photos may vary slightly from unit to unit)*
Rental Terms
Rent: $2,225
Application Fee: $30

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 17:59
Price: $2225
Latitude: 34.151755
Longitude: -118.462304
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
