$2075 / 1br - 883ft2 - $400 Off move in! Newly renovated! Great location! (Valencia)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Unpack in Your New Home Welcome Home to StoneCreek & Arbor Lanes Apartment Homes!  Call Now:  show contact info
Stone Creek & Arbor Lane Apartment Homes 23855 Arroyo Park Drive, Valencia, CA, 91355More unit details at:http://apartments.wng.com/hoz16v This is a 1 Bedroom + Loft, 1 Bath, approximately 883 Sq. Ft.  Welcome home to StoneCreek and Arbor Lane Apartment Homes! A beautiful paradise awaits you in Valencia, California where StoneCreek and Arbor Lane Apartment Homes reside and your worries fade away! Our warm and inviting sister apartment communities are within minutes of each other and are conveniently located in Los Angeles County just off the 5 Freeway making them a commuter's dream! At StoneCreek and Arbor Lane Apartment Homes our communities feature only the best for our residents! We offer custom designed one, two and three bedroom apartment homes. View our photo gallery and schedule your private tour today to discover the beauty of StoneCreek and Arbor Lane Apartment Homes!*Floor plan availability and pricing subject to change. Square footage and/or room dimensions are approximations and may vary between individual apartment units.Western National Property ManagementCalDRE LIC #00838846 Features - Vaulted Ceilings*  - Outdoor Storage Closets*  - Open Kitchens  - Ceiling Fans in Dining Areas*  - Private Balconies and Patios  - Cozy Gas Fireplaces*  - Breakfast Bars*  - Plush Carpeting  - Attached One and Two-Car Garages in Arbor Lane Floor Plans Only*  - Hardwood Style Flooring*  - Spacious Loft Areas*  - Central Heating and Air Conditioning  - Ample Closet Space  - In-Home Washer and Dryers  - Newly Renovated Interiors* *In Select Apartment Homes Community Amenities - On-Site and On-Call Management and Maintenance  - Easy Access to the 5 Freeway  - Assigned Covered Parking  - Convenient Online Leasing and Resident Portal  - Fitness Studio  - Corporate Housing Available  - Online Credit Card Payments Accepted  - Relaxing Swimming Pool and Spa  - Resident Clubhouse  - Close to Shopping, Dining and Entertainment Pet Policy BRING YOUR FURRY FRIENDS HOME!StoneCreek Apartment Homes is a pet friendly community!We welcome both cats and dogs under 35 Lbs.$400 pet deposit and $25 monthly pet rent per cat.$400 pet deposit and $50 monthly pet rent per dog.Maximum of two pets per apartment home. Driving Directions Off the 5 Freeway, exit on Valencia Blvd, drive east (towards the Westfield Mall) turn right on McBean Pkwy, turn left on Arroyo Park Drive and drive into the 1st driveway to the left. Office Hours 9:00 AM - 6:00 PM Daily Equal Housing Opportunity  Valencia Northridge Cal State University Northridge CSUN Los Angeles Six Flags Santa Clarita qXJ3bVLo0P6D

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 15:33
Price: $2075
Latitude: 34.404739
Longitude: -118.552246
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 883
