$1799 / 1br - Amazing 1 bed/bath townhouse next to Universal (Move-In Special) (Studio City)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Cozy Up In Your New Home Welcome to The Arbor Apartments in Studio City, CA Call Now:  show contact info
The Arbor 11024 Acama Street, Studio City, CA, 91602Use this link for more info:http://rent.carloproperties.com/68548c This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 660 Sq. Ft.  Want a charming building in a great area? Enjoy a quiet, Studio City apartment community, centrally located and within walking distance to Ventura Boulevard. The Arbor has great shopping, entertainment, dining and Universal City Walk all within a few minutes walk from your front door. This Stuido City apartment community is conveniently located with quick, easy access onto the 405, 101 & 170 freeways make your commute from Studio City to all parts of Los Angeles an easy task. Additionally, the Universal City Metro Orange Line Station, which connects you to Downtown and Hollywood, is only four blocks away. Features - New Carpet*  - Cable Ready  - Dual-Paned Windows*  - New Appliances*  - Partial Paid Utilities  - Disposals  - Ceiling Fans  - Balcony*  - Mirrored Wardrobe Closets  - Furnished Apartments Available  - Vertical Blinds  - Walk-In Closets  - Air Conditioning  - Dishwashers* *In Select Units Community Amenities - New Renovated Exterior  - Controlled Access  - Laundry facilities  - Gated Parking  - Responsive Maintenance  - Pet Policy: Sorry, No Pets - Friendly, professional on site staff Pet Policy Pet Policy: Sorry, No Pets Driving Directions From downtown Los Angeles - Drive north on Highway 101 (the Hollywood Freeway) past the Hollywood Bowl and Universal City, and take the Ventura Boulevard exit. Turn right on Ventura Boulevard and turn right at the first light, Vineland Ave. Drive north on Vineland (you will pass Holiday Inn on your right) and turn left at the second light, Aqua Vista Street. Make an immediate right onto Vineland Place. Stay on Vineland Place, which will become Acama Street. The Arbor is the second building from the corner, on the left. From west & central San Fernando Valley - Drive south/east on Highway 101 (the Ventura Freeway) towards Hollywood, and exit Vineland Ave. Turn right on Vineland Ave; you will pass the Holiday Inn on your left. Turn right at the first light, Aqua Vista Street, and make an immediate right on Vineland Place. Stay on Vineland Place, which will become Acama Street. The Arbor is the second building from the corner, on the left. Equal Housing Opportunity Available floor plan maybe different then the one that is shown. Sherman Oaks Studio City North Hollywood Burbank Valley Village Toluca Lake Van Nuys Encino Tarzana Woodland Hills West Hills Chatsworth Northridge North Hills Granada Hills Porter Ranch Ventura Blvd South Valley Lake Balboa Reseda 97zhIIbB

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 10:58
Price: $1799
Latitude: 34.146206
Longitude: -118.370845
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
