$2138 Furnished Studio - Great Monthly Rates!Take advantage of ou (Woodland Hills)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Furnished Studio - Great Monthly Rates!						
Take advantage of our special discounted rate! All utilities are included!						show contact info
						
Looking for a place to call home for a month or longer? We have everything you need without the hassles of traditional apartments, all at a great rate. Each room comes with a fully equipped kitchen and plenty of workspace. And unlike apartments, cable and Wi-Fi are already hooked up and free! With no leases and no credit checks, we are move-in ready. So just bring yourself - and your furry family member - and feel right at home.						
Property Amenities				In-Room Amenities		
All Rooms Non-Smoking				Fully Equipped Kitchens		
Pet-Friendly Rooms Available				Full-Size Refrigerator		
Weekly Housekeeping Included				Electric Range		
Free Grab-and-Go Breakfast				Microwave		
On-Site Guest Laundry				Free In-Room Wi-Fi		
Free Off-Street Parking				Flat Screen TVs		
				Free Cable with Premium Channels		
				Iron & Ironing Board		
				Free Local Calls & Voicemail		
Staying less than 1 month?  We also have great nightly and weekly rates.  Call for details.						
Booking conditions apply. Advertised rate is for a 30-night stay, and will vary by room type and stay dates. Rates and availability subject to change. Rate not inclusive of taxes or fees. Actual room may vary from those shown.						
Pet Policy: A $25 (+ tax) per day, per pet non-refundable cleaning fee for the first month (not to exceed $150 + tax per pet), payable the first night of your stay. Each month thereafter is a $10 non-refundable fee (+tax) per day for the first 5 days of each month (not to exceed $50 + tax per month, per pet). Weight, size, and breed restrictions may apply.						
This site may contain errors, inaccuracies, omissions or incomplete data (including without limitation mistaken hotel rates or availability). Extended Stay America reserves the right to revoke any stated offer and to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions including after a reservation order has been submitted and whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged.						
Extended Stay America, 20205 Ventura Blvd. Woodland Hills, CA 91364

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 10:54
Price: $2138
Latitude: 34.155700
Longitude: -118.600000
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: NA
