$3355 / 3br - 1452ft2 - 3BR / 3 BA - A Picture Perfect Apartment! View Today! (19053 Nordhoff Street)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Welcome to the Villagio Luxury Apartments in Northridge, CA Call Now:  show contact info
The Villagio 19053 Nordhoff Street, Northridge, CA, 91324Use this link for more info:http://rent.carloproperties.com/gh133h This is a 3 Bedroom, 3 Bath, approximately 1452 Sq. Ft.  Opened in 2006, Condo quality apartment homes. Enjoy peaceful, maintenance-free living among a sparkling pool, spa and beautiful courtyards and fountains. Nestled in the beautiful San Fernando Valley, you will find that our Northridge apartment community and landscape has the style of an Italian villa, however close enough to the convenience of Los Angeles.Keep in shape conveniently at home with our state-of-the-art fitness center. Feel the freedom to conduct business meetings and conferences in our business center. Entertain guests or associates in our screening room. Features - Mirrored Wardrobe Closets**  - Custom crafted oak cabinetry  - Intrusion Alarms  - Full Whirlpool Appliance Package  - High Speed Internet Access-Ready  - Oversized Pantries**  - Separate Dining Room  - Cable TV Ready  - Washer/Dryer In Unit*  - Central Air & Heating  - Granite Counters  - Direct TV ready  - Walk-In Closets  - Private balcony or patio  - Upgraded Vertical Blinds  - Fireplace** *In Most Units ** In Select Units Community Amenities - Conference Room  - Sun Deck Area  - Controlled Access Entry  - Soothing Spa  - Fitness Center  - Elevator Service  - Gated Subterranean Parking  - Laundry facilities on every floor  - Media Room with Widescreen TV  - Social Area w/ BBQ Grills  - Beautiful Courtyard  - Professionally Landscaped Grounds  - Friendly, professional on-site management  - Pet Policy: Sorry no pets. - Responsive Maintenance  - Swimming Pool Pet Policy Pet Policy: Sorry, No Pets Driving Directions From 101 Ventura Freeway and 405 Freeway interchange - Drive north on the 405 and exit at Nordhoff Street. Turn left on Nordhoff St. and drive approximately 3 miles west. You will pass California State University at Northridge. The Villagio is located 2 lights past the University on the right. From I-5 Freeway South (Golden State) - Merge onto the 405 Freeway south (San Diego) and exit at Nordhoff Street. Turn right on Nordhoff St. and drive approximately 3 miles west. You will pass California State University at Northridge. The Villagio is located 2 lights past the University on the right. Equal Housing Opportunity Available floor plan maybe different then the one that is shown. Luxury Apartments in Living Northridge Sherman Oaks Studio City North Hollywood Burbank Valley Village Toluca Lake Van Nuys Encino Tarzana Woodland Hills West Hills Chatsworth Northridge North Hills Granada Hills Porter Ranch Ventura Blvd South Valley Lake Balboa Reseda 5Tn7CWpwIFq

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 16:14
Price: $3355
Latitude: 34.235308
Longitude: -118.548133
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 3
Sqft: 1452
