$2629 / 2br - 983ft2 - Two elevators, Crown molding, Courtyard with two grilling stations (Arts District)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Refresh in Your New Home Discover Laid Back Avana North Hollywood - Boutique Apartments Call Now:  show contact info
Want more information on this unit? See link (below):http://cl.greystar.com/7iz8u8 This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 983 Sq. Ft.  Welcome to Avana North Hollywood - Discover laid back boutique living completely surrounded by creative energy. Rehearse with the biggest names in music or draw upon your artistic side at an art opening. Screen a film at a fabled Hollywood theater or mix it up with the with talent pool at a nearby acting class. Whatever you choose, you'll find this community as inspiring as you are.
Strength meets style at this NoHo apartment community, where you'll find durable granite countertops that brush off the hard knocks, maple cabinetry and edgy black GE appliances.
Whether you want to balance the mind and body in the fitness studio, don your robe at the courtyard pool or kick back at our sundeck; come plant your artistic roots at this North Hollywood apartment community. Bring your talent. Features - Spacious closets with custom shelving  - Vaulted ceilings in select homes  - Private balcony with dual-glazed sliding glass door  - Upgraded carpeting and ceramic tile flooring  - Crown molding  - Kitchens with polished slab granite countertops, maple cabinets, under counter lights, dual compartment stainless steel sink and recessed lighting  - Bedroom with private balcony and patio furniture in all homes  - Full-size stacked washer/dryer  - Dual-glazed windows  - Bathrooms with cultured marble vanity and chrome fixtures  - Nine foot ceilings  - Two-tone paint in designer colors Community Amenities - Relaxing swimming pool and spa with expansive sundeck and Wi-Fi  - 24-hour fitness studio, cardio machines with private TV's and free weights  - Dog run  - Trash chute on every floor  - Media screening room  - Rooftop sundeck with fireplace, grills and Wi-Fi  - Two elevators  - Controlled access building  - Assigned parking in controlled access garage  - Courtyard with two grilling stations Pet Policy Please call the leasing office for details. Office Hours Open daily9am - 6pm Equal Housing Opportunity lo1g2Uoy

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 14:09
Price: $2629
Latitude: 34.162972
Longitude: -118.375154
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 983
