$2056 / 1br - 721ft2 - Great Location Great Amenities! Meridian Place (northridge)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Meridian Place Apartment Homes, where urban meets style! We are conveniently located in the heart of Northridge, California, just across the street from Cal State University, Northridge. The Northridge Fashion Center and the 118, 405 and 101 Freeways are right nearby. Meridian Place features lavish interiors such as gourmet kitchens with granite countertops, wood-style flooring, and complete appliance packages including a full-sized stackable washer and dryer, refrigerator, microwave, and dishwasher. Our first class amenities make coming home so much more exciting! Bring your laptop and lounge by our swimming pool, or relax in our clubhouse complete with free WiFi access! You may also enjoy our billiard room or media room. There is also a wonderful dog park for our four-legged residents to enjoy! Meridian Place Apartment Homes, where life is made easy and living is done right!*Floor plan availability and pricing subject to change. Square footage and/or room dimensions are approximations and may vary between individual apartment units.Western National Property ManagementCalDRE LIC #00838846  Call Now:  show contact info
 x 67OR Text 67 to  show contact info
 to contact our leasing team.Want more info on this unit? See the link (below):http://apartments.wng.com/4685kq This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 721 Sq. Ft. Features - Ample Closet Space  - Kitchen Islands Perfect For Entertaining*  - Dual Master Suites*  - Mirrored Closet Doors*  - Spacious Kitchens With Complete Appliance Packages  - Stackable Washer And Dryers  - Plush Designer Carpeting  - 9 Ft. Ceilings  - Custom Cabinetry And Granite Countertops  - Ceiling Fans  - Private Patios And Balconies  - Central Heating And Air Conditioning  - Wood-style Flooring  - Breakfast Bars* *In Select Apartment Homes Community Amenities - Assigned Covered Parking  - Resort-Style Swimming Pool And Spa  - BBQ And Picnic Areas  - Media Room for Resident Activities and Private Parties  - Elevator Access  - Storage Units Available For Rent  - Convenient Online Leasing And Resident Portal  - Easy Access To The 405 Freeway And Cal State University, Northridge  - Fitness Studio  - On-site And On-call Management And Maintenance  - Outdoor Fireplace  - Private Entrance With Intercom Access  - Resident Clubhouse  - Business Center  - Close To Shopping, Dining And Entertainment  - Online Credit Card Payments Accepted Pet Policy BRING YOUR FURRY FRIENDS HOME!Meridian Place Apartment Homes is a pet friendly community!We accept both cats and dogs under 35 Lbs.$400 pet deposit and $35 monthly pet fee per cat.$400 pet deposit and $45 monthly pet fee per dog.Maximum of two pets per apartment home. Driving Directions From the San Diego Freeway (405): Heading north: Exit at Nordhoff Street/Left on Nordhoff to Reseda/ Right on Reseda. Meridian Place will be on your left hand side. Heading south: Exit at Nordhoff Street/Right on Nordhoff to Reseda/ Right on Reseda. Meridian Place will be on your left hand side. From the Ronald Reagan Freeway (118): Heading west: Exit at Reseda Blvd/Right on Reseda. Meridian Place will be on your right just after Plummer. Heading east: Exit at Reseda Blvd/Right on Reseda. Meridian Place will be on your right just after Plummer. Office Hours 09:00 AM - 6:00PM Daily Meridian Place Apartment Homes 9423 Reseda Blvd., Northridge, CA, 91324Equal Housing Opportunity  Los Angeles Northridge Cal State University Northridge CSUN LAX Camarillo Ventura Fashion Center 405 Freeway 118 Freeway Reseda Blvd qT2713nXN3OL

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 10:38
Price: $2056
Latitude: 34.241130
Longitude: -118.536119
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 721
