$2416 / 1br - 759ft2 - Resort Living, Close to shops, Package Receiving, Washer/Dryer (Burbank)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Relax in Your New Home LIVE RELAX AND ENJOY Call Now:  show contact info
Empire Landing 1901 N Buena Vista St , Burbank, CA, 91504Visit our Website below:www.empirelanding.com This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 759 Sq. Ft.  Welcome home to Empire Landing, a Class "A" luxury rental home community located at 1901 N. Buena Vista Street in Burbank, California. The community features Craftsman style rental homes and townhomes, along with resort style amenities and lush landscaping. Whether you find comfort in our tranquil surroundings and crisp air, or our rejuvenating resort style pool and spa, we know that Empire Landing is a place you can call home. Located on the corner of Buena Vista Street and Empire Avenue, just minutes from many retail shops, entertainment venues, and transportation within walking distance. Empire Landing is near the Burbank Airport, Metrolink station, and easy freeway access to Interstate 5 and the 134 Freeway. Features - Granite Counter-tops  - Walk-In Closets  - Patio/Balcony  - Central Air/Heat  - Cherry Beech Cabinetry  - Large Oval Soaking Bathtubs  - Washer/Dryer In Unit  - Refrigerator  - Stainless Steel Appliances  - Gas Range  - Wood Flooring  - Limestone-Finished Fireplace  - Microwave  - Cable Ready  - Dishwasher Community Amenities - WIFI by Leasing Office & Pool Area  - Off-Leash Dog Run  - Resort Style Pool and Spa/Hot Tub  - Business Center  - Courtyard  - Fitness Center  - Bike Racks  - Conference Room  - Elevator  - Night Patrol  - On-Site Management  - Public Transportation  - Garage Parking  - Package Receiving  - Clubhouse  - Guard-Gated Community Pet Policy Cats - allowedDogs - allowed(2 Pets MAX)Breed Restrictions Apply Income Requirements: Must make 3 times the rent.* Prices are subject to change without noticeDriving Directions Right off the 5 fwy exit Buena Vista. Located on the corner of Buena Vista and Empire Ave. Office Hours Monday through Sunday 9 am to 6 pm Except Most Major Holidays Equal Housing Opportunity J0bMse2ua

Date Posted: October 10, 2018 at 11:06
Price: $2416
Latitude: 34.191155
Longitude: -118.338517
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 759
