$1775 / 1br - Classic 1 Bedroom, Trendy Locale, Sherman Oaks (5714 Hazeltine Avenue)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Rare vacancy in this small courtyard complex. The unit is a bright one story 1bed/ 1 bath with lots of windows. It's on the second floor overlooking a large orange tree and fountain. It has dark oak hardwood floors, crown molding, ceiling fans, dishwasher, built-in microwave, new blinds, and energy efficient A/Cs. There is a front and back entrance. The floor plan includes a separate kitchen, dining room, and living room. The dining room could be used as an office. The unit is set back away from the main street and there are no shared walls!
GREAT LOCATION
This classic 1940s one bedroom one bathroom apartment is in a great location. It is close to the 101, 405, and 170. It is within walking distance to many restaurants, cafes, shopping centers, schools, trails, and parks. The apartment is surrounded by single family homes, new town homes, lots of sidewalks, grass, and trees.
UNIQUE FEATURES
The unit has a secondary back-door entrance that leads out from the kitchen to the courtyard. The unit has a garden, tree, and fountain view with lots of grass and plants right outside your window. The unit is not vacant but can be shown by appointment. It will be renovated after the current resident move outs and will be available mid November. There is a shared laundry room not far from the unit with new washers and dryers. The property has security cameras. 
PARKING
There is one designated locked garage parking space for one car with lots of additional storage. There is also plenty of street parking.
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Parking: 1 garaged parking space with storage. Plenty of street parking.
Deposit: One month's rent
Pets: Cats and dogs okay with deposit.
Laundry: Shared on-site; very close to the unit; washers and dryers are brand-new and very efficient
Utilities: You pay gas and electric, and small monthly fee for water and trash. 
Application Requirements: Good credit (no judgements, tax liens, evictions, or bankruptcies), proof that income is three times the rent, and two forms of government IDs.
Contact and Viewing Information: Click "reply" at the top left to view contact information. Please contact manager with any questions.

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 16:32
Price: $1775
Latitude: 34.174388
Longitude: -118.439634
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
