$2730 / 2br - 1056ft2 - !!!BRAND NEW LUXURY APARTMENT IN NOHO ARTS!!! (5555 Bonner Ave, North Hollywood)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Feel free to visit us online at www.noho55.com or call  show contact info
  to schedule a tour!
Welcome home to NOHO 55 Apartments, NoHo Art District's new luxurious apartment community ideally located by Lankershim Boulevard with easy access to the 170, 134, and 5 Freeways. Setting the standard for excellence in residential living, each of the expansive one, two, and three bedroom apartment homes have been custom designed to provide both style and comfort. Enjoy in-home washers & dryers, fully equipped kitchens with stainless steel appliances, waterfall quartz stone countertops and modern mosaic backsplash, wood style vinyl plank flooring, electric ambiance fireplace, smart home features, and many distinctive designer touches throughout every room. As you explore this community you will discover a professionally equipped fitness center, open space lounge with fireplace, community garden area with BBQ area for enjoyment by residents.
Come home to NOHO 55 Apartments!
APARTMENT FEATURES
Smart Home Nest Thermostats
Smart Home Leviton HomeKit Lighting Control
Electric Ambiance Fireplace with Smart Home Control
USB Charging Outlets
Gourmet Kitchen with Stainless Steel Energy Star Appliances
Individual Washer & Dryer
Stainless Steel Refrigerator*
Exquisite Quartz Stone Counter-tops and Bars.
Waterfall Style Quartz Countertops*
Formal Dining Area*
Modern Mosaic Backsplash in Kitchens
Custom Top of the Line Finish Cabinetry
Breakfast bar*
Mirrored Closet Doors
Hardwood-style Vinyl Plank Flooring
Large Private Balcony*
Central Air-Condition and Heating
Designer Fixtures and Hardware
In Wall Low Voltage Pre-Wiring*
Pet friendly (2 pet maximum, ask about further details)
 * In Select Units
COMMUNITY AMENITIES
Dog and Cat Friendly.
Fully Equipped Fitness Center
Open Space Lounge with Spectacular Views Fire Place and Sun Bathing Areas
Non-smoking Apartment Community
Community Garden with seating and BBQ area
General Area WiFi
Controlled Access Private Parking
Elevator
24/7 Emergency Maintenance Service
2 Bed/ 2 Bath Apartments starting from $2,850.00
*Based on approved credit
* Pictured is the model unit, apartments for rent are not furnished but are available at additional cost upon request. 
Feel free to visit us online at www.noho55.com or call  show contact info
 to set up a tour!

Date Posted: October 11, 2018 at 17:10
Price: $2730
Latitude: 34.172105
Longitude: -118.374012
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1056
