$2145 / 1br - 788ft2 - Every room Comes with Lavish Finishes & Stainless Appliances!

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Unparalleled Renovations at The Madison at Town Center! Boasting a prime location in Valencia, CA, by the scenic hills of Santa Clarita Valley, The Madison at Town Center apartments is the epitome of modern luxury living and classic suburban charm. Our one, two, and three-bedroom apartments are near many popular places including College of the Canyons and CalArts Community Arts Partnership. Whatever your destination is, just hop onto I-5 and see how easy it is to reach it within minutes.The Madison at Town Center apartments provides a splendid selection of excellent amenities both indoors and outdoors, fit for entertainment and recreational activities. Get inspired by the picturesque views of the pristine gardens and put your feet up at the outdoor fireplace. Challenge others to a swimming competition at the resort-style heated pool or to a billiards game in the lounge. Live it up at the clubhouse, keep your muscles going at the state-of-the-art fitness center then grab a coffee and sit back at the internet café. Should any concerns arise, our 24-hour maintenance concierge is always ready to sweep your worries away. Your furry friend too will love our pet-friendly grounds, just as we're sure you will.Feel like a VIP as soon as you step into your apartment home. Each room comes with lavish finishes and extra convenient features such as full-size side-by-side GE washer and dryers, large walk-in closets, upgraded appliances, gallery-style track lighting with spotlight, deep soaking tubs, single vanities, and more.Take a moment to browse through our gallery and see what we have in store for you then contact us to schedule your personal tour!  Call Now:  show contact info
Use this link for more info:http://cl.greystar.com/mLk89r This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 788 Sq. Ft. Features - Whirlpool Stainless Dishwasher  - White Quartz Counter-tops  - Garden Tubs  - Full Size Washers & Dryers  - Plush Carpeting in Bedrooms/ Closets.  - Built-in Desks  - All-NEW Ceramic Wood Flooring  - The NEST Thermostats  - Stainless Steel Appliances  - Whirlpool Stainless Microwave  - Quiet, Sound-Proof Walls  - HUGE Walk-in Closets  - Whirlpool Stainless Double-door Fridge with Ice/Water Dispenser. Community Amenities - Internet Cafe Featuring Gourmet Coffee  - Community Fireplace  - Executive Fitness Center  - Conference Rooms  - 1.0 from Six Flags Magic Mountain  - Easy Access SCV Transit System  - Common Reading Areas  - Elevators Available  - Postal Center  - Convenient Retail Shops on Premises  - Resort-Style Heated Pool & Spa  - Controlled Access Garage  - Movie Cinema with Popcorn  - 24- hour Security  - Westfield Valencia Town Center Mall  - Pet Friendly  - Pool Table  - Barbecue Pits Pet Policy Pet friendly! Pet Security Deposit and Monthly Pet Rent Required. Income Requirements: 3x the Monthly Base Rent, Guarantors: 5x. Driving Directions 24555 Town Center Drive, Valencia, CA 91355...The corner of McBean Pkwy and Magic Mountain Pkwy. Office Hours SUNDAY: 10 AM-5 PMMONDAY- SATURDAY: 9 AM- 6 PM Madison at Towncenter 24555 Town Center Drive, Valencia, CA, 91355Equal Housing Opportunity Iccety5n4OV

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 11:24
Price: $2145
Latitude: 34.416417
Longitude: -118.564088
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 788
