$1900 / 1br - 721ft2 - In-Home Washer and Dryers, 24-Hour Fitness Center, Breakfast Bars (Woodland Hills)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Your New Home A Beautiful Apartment Home in Warner Center! Call Now:  show contact info
The Enclave at Warner Center Apartment Homes 6710 Variel, Woodland Hills, CA, 91303See our property details here:http://apartments.wng.com/32ur08 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 721 Sq. Ft.  Located in the heart of Southern California, our prime location places you just minutes from Warner Center's premier business district, exceptional shopping and dining opportunities and even California State University, Northridge. This is the ultimate life experience. This is living at The Enclave at Warner Center Luxury Apartment Homes! Our lavish apartment homes are designed to make your life simple, comfortable and fun! Your new apartment home features an open kitchen with complete appliance package, custom wood cabinetry with granite countertops, stackable washer and dryer and ample closet space. The Enclave at Warner Center is in tune with how you want to live. Relax in a poolside cabana where WiFi will keep you connected. Keep active in our fitness studio or entertain in our resident lounge complete with kitchen and game room! The Enclave at Warner Center Luxury Apartment Homes is the transformation from what could be, to what is. Calm, yet hip and urban, you'll want for little and beg for more!*Floor plan availability and pricing subject to change. Square footage and/or room dimensions are approximations and may vary between individual apartment units.Western National Property ManagementCalDRE LIC #00838846 Features - Built-In Desks/Workspaces*  - Stackable Washer and Dryers  - Ample Closet Space  - Designer Carpeting  - Ceiling Fans in Living Rooms and Bedrooms*  - Custom Wood Cabinetry and Granite Countertops  - Private Patios and Balconies  - 9 Ft. Ceilings  - Complete Appliance Packages Including: Refrigerators, Dishwashers and Microwaves  - Open Kitchens with Breakfast Bars*  - Two-Toned Paint Schemes  - Kitchen Islands Perfect for Entertaining*  - Spacious Kitchen Pantries*  - Central Heating and Air Conditioning  - Wood-Style Flooring  - Outdoor Storage Closets*  - Pool Views* *In Select Apartment Homes Community Amenities - Parking Garage with Assigned Spaces  - BBQ Area with Outdoor Fireplace  - Business Center  - Resident Lounge with Kitchen  - Assigned Covered Parking  - On-Site and On-Call Management and Maintenance  - Game Room with Shuffleboard and Billiards Table  - Close to Shopping, Dining and Entertainment  - Resident Business Center with Computers, Printers and Internet Access  - Convenient Online Leasing & Resident Portal  - Private Entry with Intercom Access  - Media Room for Resident Activities and Private Parties  - Online Credit Card Payments Accepted  - Corporate Housing Available  - 24-Hour Fitness Studio  - Disability Access  - Easy Access to the 101 Freeway  - Resort-Style Swimming Pool and Spa with Cabanas Pet Policy BRING YOUR FURRY FRIENDS HOME!The Enclave at Warner Center is a pet friendly community!We welcome both cats and dogs under 35 Lbs.$400 pet deposit and $35 monthly pet rent for cats$400 pet deposit and $45 monthly pet rent for dogsLimit two pets per apartment home. Driving Directions From North: Head South on CA-27/Topanga Canyon Blvd, turn left on Sherman Way, turn right on Canoga Ave, turn left on Vanowen St then turn right on Variel Ave. From the South: Head Northwest on CA-27/Topanga Canyon Blvd, Take exit 26 for De Soto Ave toward Serrania Ave, turn left at De Soto Ave, turn left at Kittridge St then turn right at Variel Ave. Office Hours 9:00 AM - 6:00 PM Daily Equal Housing Opportunity  Warner Center Los Angeles Woodland Hills Topanga Canyon Canoga Park CSUN Cal State University Northridge Td7QUL2N

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 11:50
Price: $1900
Latitude: 34.192083
Longitude: -118.592619
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 721
