$2629 / 2br - 983ft2 - Nine foot ceilings, Trash chute on every floor, Two elevators (Arts District)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
You Are Home! Discover Laid Back Avana North Hollywood - Boutique Apartments Call Now:  show contact info
Interested In This Unit? Use this link for more details:http://cl.greystar.com/r24421 This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 983 Sq. Ft.  Welcome to Avana North Hollywood - Discover laid back boutique living completely surrounded by creative energy. Rehearse with the biggest names in music or draw upon your artistic side at an art opening. Screen a film at a fabled Hollywood theater or mix it up with the with talent pool at a nearby acting class. Whatever you choose, you'll find this community as inspiring as you are.
Strength meets style at this NoHo apartment community, where you'll find durable granite countertops that brush off the hard knocks, maple cabinetry and edgy black GE appliances.
Whether you want to balance the mind and body in the fitness studio, don your robe at the courtyard pool or kick back at our sundeck; come plant your artistic roots at this North Hollywood apartment community. Bring your talent. Features - Kitchens with polished slab granite countertops, maple cabinets, under counter lights, dual compartment stainless steel sink and recessed lighting  - Spacious closets with custom shelving  - Nine foot ceilings  - Dual-glazed windows  - Bedroom with private balcony and patio furniture in all homes  - Full-size stacked washer/dryer  - Crown molding  - Upgraded carpeting and ceramic tile flooring  - Vaulted ceilings in select homes  - Private balcony with dual-glazed sliding glass door  - Bathrooms with cultured marble vanity and chrome fixtures  - Two-tone paint in designer colors Community Amenities - Courtyard with two grilling stations  - Dog run  - Trash chute on every floor  - Assigned parking in controlled access garage  - Controlled access building  - Media screening room  - Relaxing swimming pool and spa with expansive sundeck and Wi-Fi  - Rooftop sundeck with fireplace, grills and Wi-Fi  - 24-hour fitness studio, cardio machines with private TV's and free weights  - Two elevators Pet Policy Please call the leasing office for details. Office Hours Open daily9am - 6pm Equal Housing Opportunity kUH9CRvP2v

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 17:29
Price: $2629
Latitude: 34.163097
Longitude: -118.374960
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 983
