$1825 Exceptional Apt. Home with Lots of light & Space! Don't Miss This One! (Studio City)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
It's Grillin' Time Welcome to The Ritz Luxury Apartments in Studio City, CA Call Now:  show contact info
The Ritz 10947 Bloomfield St, Studio City, CA, 91602Use this link for more info:http://rent.carloproperties.com/73qx58 This is a Studio, 1 Bath, approximately 645 Sq. Ft.  The Ritz embodies prestigious living in a prime setting that offers easy access to the 101, 134, 170 and 5 freeways, as well as the Warner Bros, Disney, Universal Studios, and NBC Studios. Nothing has been spared in order to ensure the highest level of comfort for our residents! Distinctive interior features complement this beautifully landscaped Studio City apartment community, with a variety of spacious floor plans and a one-of-a-kind indoor swimming pool that opens onto a deck with an outdoor spa. Whether you want a view of the lush courtyard or the bright city lights, we have an apartment home to suit your lifestyle. Features - Walk In Closets *  - Microwaves  - New Carpet*  - Patios/Balconies  - Vertical Blinds  - Storage  - Central Air & Heating  - Disposals  - Dishwashers  - Intrusion Alarms  - Oversized Pantries  - Cable TV Ready  - New Appliances*  - Custom crafted oak cabinetry  - Oversized Pantries*  - Mirrored Wardrobe Closets  - Separate Dining Rooms  - Fireplace in select units  - Partial Paid Utilities *In Select Units Community Amenities - Beautiful Courtyard  - Elevator Service  - Friendly, professional on-site management  - Indoor swimming pool  - Responsive Maintenance  - Soothing Spa  - Laundry facilities on every floor  - Pet Policy: Sorry no pets. - Controlled Access Entry  - Gated Subterranean Parking  - Fitness Center Driving Directions From downtown Los Angeles - Drive north on Highway 101 (the Hollywood Freeway) past the Hollywood Bowl and Universal City, and take the Vineland Ave exit, and turn right at Vineland. Turn right on Bloomfield Street. The Ritz will be on the corner to your left; you may park on Vineland Avenue or Bloomfield Street. From west & central San Fernando Valley - Drive south/east on Highway 101 (the Ventura Freeway) towards Hollywood, and exit Vineland Ave. Turn left on Vineland, and take the second right after that, Bloomfield Street. The Ritz will be on the corner to your left; you may park on Vineland Avenue or Bloomfield Street. Equal Housing Opportunity Available floor plan maybe different then the one that is shown. Sherman Oaks Studio City North Hollywood Burbank Valley Village Toluca Lake Van Nuys Encino Tarzana Woodland Hills West Hills Chatsworth Northridge North Hills Granada Hills Porter Ranch Ventura Blvd South Valley Lake Balboa Reseda 68Flb75i8M3V

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 16:56
Price: $1825
Latitude: 34.149300
Longitude: -118.369746
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
