$1965 / 1br - Renovated - Central AC, Plank Flooring, Balcony, Great Amenities! (Sherman Village)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath 
Our community is located on the border of Sherman Oaks and Studio City and offer an unprecedented apartment community consisting of luxury one and two bedroom residences. Enjoy the finest in apartment living here! The penthouse-level residents have views of city lights, mountains, and a cityscape dotted with high rises and church steeples. Studio City Golf Course, Universal City Walk and the Fashion Square Mall are within the neighborhood and are just minutes away. This beautiful Studio City apartment community offers convenient access to the 405, 101 and 170 freeways.
Living in the San Fernando Valley
The San Fernando Valley is located in Southern California and is nestled up against the Santa Monica Mountains. This urbanized valley mixes the big city lifestyle with small town charm.
It provides a wide variety of experiences from shopping malls to neighborhood boutiques, an array of restaurants for all palates, and artist communities of music, theater, and dance to explore.
Boasting beautiful, year round Mediterranean type weather conditions, the valley is a mecca of garden parks, city parks, neighborhood parks, recreational areas and open space preserves. This makes San Fernando Valley an ideal place to live and work! 
Features:
Central Air & Heating, Vertical Blinds, Large Walk-in Closets*, Microwaves, Cable TV Ready, Partial Paid Utilities, Oversized Pantries*, Intrusion Alarms, Dishwashers, Patio or Balcony, Disposals 
*In Select Units
Community Amenities:
Swimming Pool, Controlled Access Entry, Storage Space Available, Elevator Service, Friendly, professional on-site management, Laundry facilities, Fitness Center, Sun Deck Area, Soothing Spa, Gated covered parking, Responsive Maintenance 
Use this link for more information:
http://rent.carloproperties.com/wnhq72
Equal Housing Opportunity Available floor plan maybe different then the one that is shown.
XGMw5Ol2sVCr

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 10:05
Price: $1965
Latitude: 34.157876
Longitude: -118.412136
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
