$3344 / 2br - 1165ft2 - Spacious 2 Bed 2 Bath W/ Amazing features! (Glendale)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
CONNECTED. SOCIAL. SOPHISTICATED. Welcome to ONYX Glendale Apartments, Your New Luxury Apartment Home in Downtown Glendale, CAONYX Glendale Apartments is the prototype for 21st century living where the good life meets your life.Our Downtown Glendale Apartments offer contemporary studios, 1, 2, 3-bedroom flats, townhomes and loft plans. Our apartment community offers luxury amenities, and easy access to shopping, eating, and work.Live in a truly modern apartment, with AMENITIES such as a smart WiFi programmable thermostat, designer mecho shade window coverings, and surround sound speakers with WiFi streaming service.Be at the center of all the action downtown. Rent your new luxury apartment IN THE HEART of Glendale, close to the best shopping centers and restaurants in the area, such as the Glendale Galleria, The Americana at Brand, Porto's Bakery, and more.You'll never have to be afraid of a traditional Los Angeles commute. ONYX Glendale Apartments is a short walk away from Univision Communications, and less than a ten minute drive away from major employers, such as Dreamworks Animation, Disney, and many more. We're situated near popular neighborhoods, such as Eagle Rock, Atwater Village, Highland Park, and Burbank.Our apartment community is more that just a place to stay, it's a place to call home. Want to know what sets us apart from the rest? Come see what living is like at ONYX GLENDALE APARTMENTS.  Call Now:  show contact info
 x 89OR Text 89 to  show contact info
 to contact our leasing team.Want more information? Follow this link:http://cl.greystar.com/u54yg3 This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1165 Sq. Ft. Features - Spacious Walk-In Closets  - Modern Backlit Mirrors in Bathrooms  - Soothing Deep Soaking Tubs accentuated with Custom Cabinetry and Quartz Countertop  - Hi-Tech Washer and Dryer  - Exceptional Modern Kitchens with Quartz Countertop featuring Contemporary Tile Backsplash, Custom Cabinets and MOEN Water fixtures  - Private Balcony with Mountain View (select units)  - Surround Sound Speakers with WiFi Streaming Service  - Designer Mecho Shade Window Coverings  - Two Distinctive Interior Finishes  - Smart WiFi Programmable Thermostat featuring Central Heat & Air  - Refined Wood Plank Flooring  - Top-Line GE Stainless Steel Appliance Package Community Amenities - Package Receiving  - Smoke Free Community  - Cell Boosters on Every Level so you will always have Signal  - Covered/Assigned Parking  - Tranquil Yoga Studio with Virtual Fitness Training Classes  - Modern Fitness Center with latest Weight and Cardio Equipment  - Dipping Pool with Spa, Cabanas and Lounge  - Active Club Lounge with Gourmet Kitchen and Entertaining Suite  - Controlled Access Gate  - Expansive Courtyards  - Secluded Outdoor Lounge and Two Sky Decks with Fire Pits, Gas Grill Barbeques and Endless Views of Glendale/Pasadena/Downtown LA and the Majestic San Gabriel Mountains  - Fresh Community Rooftop Garden  - Wheelchair Access  - Retail Spaces on Site  - Fresh Air Game Lounge with Shuffleboard and Flat Screen TV's  - Woof Wash and Pet Park Onsite  - Pet Friendly  - Revitalizing Coffee Lounge  - On-Site Maintenance and Management Pet Policy Pet Friendly Office Hours Monday - Sunday: 10am-7pm Onyx Glendale 313 West California Avenue, Glendale, CA, 91203Equal Housing Opportunity SE2w9V1zO0v6

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 17:43
Price: $3344
Latitude: 34.149743
Longitude: -118.258438
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1165
