$2766 / 2br - 980ft2 - Two-tone paint in designer colors, Trash chute on every floor (Arts District)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Enjoy Your New Home! Discover Laid Back Avana North Hollywood - Boutique Apartments Call Now:  show contact info
Want more info on this unit? See the link (below):http://cl.greystar.com/e8u1y5 This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 980 Sq. Ft.  Welcome to Avana North Hollywood - Discover laid back boutique living completely surrounded by creative energy. Rehearse with the biggest names in music or draw upon your artistic side at an art opening. Screen a film at a fabled Hollywood theater or mix it up with the with talent pool at a nearby acting class. Whatever you choose, you'll find this community as inspiring as you are.
Strength meets style at this NoHo apartment community, where you'll find durable granite countertops that brush off the hard knocks, maple cabinetry and edgy black GE appliances.
Whether you want to balance the mind and body in the fitness studio, don your robe at the courtyard pool or kick back at our sundeck; come plant your artistic roots at this North Hollywood apartment community. Bring your talent. Features - Two-tone paint in designer colors  - Bedroom with private balcony and patio furniture in all homes  - Bathrooms with cultured marble vanity and chrome fixtures  - Nine foot ceilings  - Kitchens with polished slab granite countertops, maple cabinets, under counter lights, dual compartment stainless steel sink and recessed lighting  - Vaulted ceilings in select homes  - Private balcony with dual-glazed sliding glass door  - Dual-glazed windows  - Spacious closets with custom shelving  - Full-size stacked washer/dryer  - Crown molding  - Upgraded carpeting and ceramic tile flooring Community Amenities - Courtyard with two grilling stations  - Media screening room  - Trash chute on every floor  - Dog run  - 24-hour fitness studio, cardio machines with private TV's and free weights  - Controlled access building  - Rooftop sundeck with fireplace, grills and Wi-Fi  - Assigned parking in controlled access garage  - Two elevators  - Relaxing swimming pool and spa with expansive sundeck and Wi-Fi Pet Policy Please call the leasing office for details. Office Hours Open daily9am - 6pm Equal Housing Opportunity oW9FBfXeu

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 12:03
Price: $2766
Latitude: 34.162990
Longitude: -118.374853
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 980
