$4150 / 2br - 1407ft2 - Luxury 2 Bed 2.5 Bath Townhome W/ Amazing City View! +$500 OFF (Glendale)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
CONNECTED. SOCIAL. SOPHISTICATED. Welcome to ONYX Glendale Apartments, Your New Luxury Apartment Home in Downtown Glendale, CAONYX Glendale Apartments is the prototype for 21st century living where the good life meets your life.Our Downtown Glendale Apartments offer contemporary studios, 1, 2, 3-bedroom flats, townhomes and loft plans. Our apartment community offers luxury amenities, and easy access to shopping, eating, and work.Live in a truly modern apartment, with AMENITIES such as a smart WiFi programmable thermostat, designer mecho shade window coverings, and surround sound speakers with WiFi streaming service.Be at the center of all the action downtown. Rent your new luxury apartment IN THE HEART of Glendale, close to the best shopping centers and restaurants in the area, such as the Glendale Galleria, The Americana at Brand, Porto's Bakery, and more.You'll never have to be afraid of a traditional Los Angeles commute. ONYX Glendale Apartments is a short walk away from Univision Communications, and less than a ten minute drive away from major employers, such as Dreamworks Animation, Disney, and many more. We're situated near popular neighborhoods, such as Eagle Rock, Atwater Village, Highland Park, and Burbank.Our apartment community is more that just a place to stay, it's a place to call home. Want to know what sets us apart from the rest? Come see what living is like at ONYX GLENDALE APARTMENTS.  Call Now:  show contact info
 x 28OR Text 28 to  show contact info
 to text our office staff.Use this link for more info:http://cl.greystar.com/rs1q15 This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1407 Sq. Ft. Features - Modern Backlit Mirrors in Bathrooms  - Private Balcony with Mountain View (select units)  - Top-Line GE Stainless Steel Appliance Package  - Surround Sound Speakers with WiFi Streaming Service  - Two Distinctive Interior Finishes  - Hi-Tech Washer and Dryer  - Soothing Deep Soaking Tubs accentuated with Custom Cabinetry and Quartz Countertop  - Refined Wood Plank Flooring  - Designer Mecho Shade Window Coverings  - Exceptional Modern Kitchens with Quartz Countertop featuring Contemporary Tile Backsplash, Custom Cabinets and MOEN Water fixtures  - Spacious Walk-In Closets  - Smart WiFi Programmable Thermostat featuring Central Heat & Air Community Amenities - Covered/Assigned Parking  - Expansive Courtyards  - Fresh Community Rooftop Garden  - Revitalizing Coffee Lounge  - Active Club Lounge with Gourmet Kitchen and Entertaining Suite  - Pet Friendly  - Smoke Free Community  - Cell Boosters on Every Level so you will always have Signal  - Modern Fitness Center with latest Weight and Cardio Equipment  - Controlled Access Gate  - Package Receiving  - Dipping Pool with Spa, Cabanas and Lounge  - On-Site Maintenance and Management  - Tranquil Yoga Studio with Virtual Fitness Training Classes  - Secluded Outdoor Lounge and Two Sky Decks with Fire Pits, Gas Grill Barbeques and Endless Views of Glendale/Pasadena/Downtown LA and the Majestic San Gabriel Mountains  - Fresh Air Game Lounge with Shuffleboard and Flat Screen TV's  - Woof Wash and Pet Park Onsite  - Retail Spaces on Site  - Wheelchair Access Pet Policy Pet Friendly Office Hours Monday - Sunday: 10am-7pm Onyx Glendale 313 West California Avenue, Glendale, CA, 91203Equal Housing Opportunity 4RyJMf2V

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 13:30
Price: $4150
Latitude: 34.149743
Longitude: -118.258438
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2.5
Sqft: 1407
