$1405 / 1br - Updated Floors & New Carpet. New Paint + more. One Bedroom, Call 4Info (Lake Balboa / Van Nuys)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Enjoy the Thanksgiving Harvest!Welcome to The Esplanade Apartments in Lake Balboa, CA Call Now:  show contact info
The Esplanade 16505 Vanowen Street, Lake Balboa, CA, 91406Use this link for more info:http://rent.carloproperties.com/7617k2 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 675 Sq. Ft.  Looking for a great location at an affordable price? The Esplanade is the answer! Our West Valley apartment community is located near the tranquil Lake Balboa Recreation Center with three public golf courses, putting greens, driving ranges, lighted tennis courts, jogging/bike paths and boating on Balboa Lake. Wonderful shopping options, like the Sherman Oaks Galleria, are very conveniently located near this residence. Also, commuters have easy access to the 101, 118 and 405 freeways and the new Metro Orange Line, which are located just minutes away. Features - Cable TV Ready  - Energy efficient insulated windows  - Partial Paid Utilities  - New Carpet*  - Air Conditioning  - Dual-Paned Windows  - Ceiling Fans  - Furnished Apartments Available  - Mirrored Wardrobe Closets  - Disposals  - Dishwashers (In Select Units)  - Walk In Closets *  - Vertical Blinds * in Select Apartment Homes Community Amenities - Responsive Maintenance  - Beautiful Courtyard  - Gated Parking  - Laundry facilities  - Pet Policy: Sorry, no pets. - We do not accept Section 8 - Controlled Access Entry  - Barbecue Area  - Outdoor pool and spa/sun deck area  - Friendly, professional on-site management Driving Directions Drive north on the 405 and exit Victory Boulevard (about 2 miles past the 101 Freeway). Turn right on Victory at the end of the offramp, and then turn right on Hayvenhurst Avenue; in a few blocks, turn right on Vanowen Street. The Esplanade is on the corner of Vanowen and Hayvenhurst; you may park on either street.From I-5 Freeway (Golden State) - Take I-5 south to the 405 south and exit Victory Boulevard. Turn left at the end of the offramp (on Haskell) and the turn right on Victory Boulevard. Turn right on Hayvenhurst Avenue; in a few blocks, turn right on Vanowen Street. The Esplanade is on the corner of Vanowen and Hayvenhurst; you may park on either street. Equal Housing Opportunity Available floor plan maybe different then the one that is shown. Sherman Oaks Studio City North Hollywood Burbank Valley Village Toluca Lake Van Nuys Encino Tarzana Woodland Hills West Hills Chatsworth Northridge North Hills Granada Hills Porter Ranch Ventura Blvd South Valley Lake Balboa Reseda IIg3dyfGoWP

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 16:17
Price: $1405
Latitude: 34.193967
Longitude: -118.492677
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
