$3665 / 2br - 1039ft2 - Corner 2 Bedroom Apartment| Just One Left (Glendale)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 x 55
OR Text 55 to  show contact info
 to text with us.
This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1039 Sq. Ft. 
Get the swagger you love with the walkability you expect. Introducing The Harrison -- brand new studio, one, and two bedroom apartments for rent with a boutique ambience that keeps pace with busy lifestyles and uncompromising tastes. This friendly and intimate community offers a true sense of connection and a real chance to get to know your neighbors in a relaxed setting. This is where old school inspiration meets a new school approach to life. At home, you'll appreciate spacious and modern residences ideal for entertaining as well as chilling out. Enjoy curated events, exclusive programming, and day to night amenities that include a rooftop terrace with incredible views of the city, onsite fully equipped fitness center, resort-inspired pool & spa, onsite CVS Pharmacy and much more. A few steps from your door, discover major shopping and dining. L.A.'s nightlife, culture, and the Studios are only a short drive away as well. Welcome to distinction on your terms. Welcome to The Harrison. 
Features:
Electronic Keyless Apartment Entry Locks, Designer Lighting Throughout, Digital Programmable Thermostats, Wi-Fi Capable, Studio, One and Two Bedroom Residences, Apartments Pre-wired with Fiber Optics, Frigidaire® Gallery Series Energy Star® Stainless Steel Appliances with Gas Ranges, Walk-in Closets*, USB Charging Ports in Kitchen and Bedrooms, Quartz Calacatta Nuvo™ Kitchen Countertops, Roll-down Solar Shades, Full Size Front-loading Frigidaire® Washers and Dryers, Dal Quartz® Bathroom Countertops, Ceiling Fans in Living Rooms and Bedrooms, European Styled Cabinetry with Modern Porcelain Tile Designer Backsplashes, Faux Wood Floors in Living Areas, Plush Berber-style Carpet in Bedrooms, Private Patios and Balconies* 
*in select units
Community Amenities:
High Quality Fitness Center with Yoga and Spin Studio, and Fitness on Demand, Outdoor Yoga Area, GREEN Building Certification LEED SILVER*, Controlled Access Community with Gated Resident Parking, Game Room with Pool Table, Individual Unit Storage, Bicycle Storage, Rooftop Deck with Expansive City and Mountain Views with Barbecues, Game Tables, Fire Pits, Intimate Seating Areas, and Entertaining Bar with TV, On-site CVS Pharmacy, Resort Style Pool and Spa, Dog Run, Bocce Ball Courts, On-site Electric Vehicle Charging Stations, Parcel Pending® 24/7 Package Delivery System, Club Room with Indoor/Outdoor Fireplace, Steps to Major Shopping and Dining, L.A.'s Nightlife, and Culture, Short drive to Warner Bros., DreamWorks, CBS, Walt Disney Studios, and More 
Follow The Link Below:
http://cl.greystar.com/Lnu921
Equal Housing Opportunity 
IQ1ZGnLmR

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 17:19
Price: $3665
Latitude: 34.147967
Longitude: -118.258010
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1039
