$1345 87- Beautifully Renovated large studio!! (North Hollywood)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Contact info:Chris | Ben Leeds Properties |   show contact info
 
Studio/1BA Apartment - North Hollywood
5725 Vineland Ave, North Hollywood, CA 91601
$1345/mo 
KEY FEATURESSq Footage:  450 sqft.Bedrooms:  StudioBathrooms:  1 BathParking:  None Off streetLease Duration:  1 Year (See Details Below)Deposit:  $1345Pets Policy:  Cats & Dogs OKLaundry:  SharedProperty Type:  Apartment
DESCRIPTION
For additional Ben Leeds Property Management LISTINGS visit http://benleedsproperties.com
5725 Vineland Ave, North Hollywood, CA 91601
Great Single unit and 1 full bathroom with new Wood Floors, New linoleum flooring in the kitchen & bathroom and A/C  
Unit is on the 1st floor of the building and amenities are:
Large living area with new hardwood floor, wall air conditioner, new vertical blinds on a big window over looking the pool, wall gas heater and a large walk-in closet.
Kitchen: Tile on the kitchen countertop, beautiful light fixture, lots of cabinets, and 30" gas stove with a range hood with microwave.
Bathroom: new tile flooring, white cabinet and sink with a faucet, medicine cabinet above the sink and a bath tub with white ceramic tile and sliding shower doors and a small window. 
NO Parking Available. 
24 Units building has laundry facilities, gated entrance with intercom, etc. close to 101 Freeway and shopping centers, Minutes from metro stations and shopping centers, lots of Restaurants within the neighborhood, Gyms, dance studios, comedy clubs, 
Contact the Manager at show contact info
 or at  show contact info

For additional Ben Leeds Property Management LISTINGS go to www.benleedsproperties.com
Lease Terms is 12months.. If interested open this link to print your application(s), Credit check fee is non refundable and payable in person. Provide all required documents when turning in your completed application 2 types of Id's and copies of recent check stubs. http://benleedsproperties.com/Application.htmlRENTAL FEATURES
Walk-in closet
Range / Oven
Microwave
Air conditioning
Cable-ready
Hardwood floor
COMMUNITY FEATURES
New property
Vintage building
Secured entry
Gated entry
Shared pool
Near transportation
Off-street parking
LEASE TERMS
12 month rental agreementADDITIONAL LINKS
Website: benleedspropertie... Contact info: Ben Leeds Properties show contact info
 Posted:

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 15:20
Price: $1345
Latitude: 34.174370
Longitude: -118.370312
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
