$1705 / 1br - 588ft2 - MOVE-IN READY! Gorgeous and Spacious Apt, Pool, BBQ, Must See (Northridge)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Welcome Home. Imagine Yourself Living Here! Welcome to The Ridgeview Apartments in Northridge, CA Call Now:  show contact info
The Ridgeview 19039 Nordhoff Street, Northridge, CA, 91324Want more info on this unit? See the link (below):http://rent.carloproperties.com/10a883 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 588 Sq. Ft.  This beautiful courtyard setting is ideally located within walking distance to the Northridge Mall and the fine dining therein. The Ridgeview's proximity to California State University at Northridge and Warner Center provides its residents with an exceptional opportunity to combine comfort, luxury and convenience at an affordable price. Our Northridge apartment community also offers spacious floor plans with fireplaces that add to the warm intimacy of our one bedroom and two bedroom apartments. Features - Disposals  - New carpet*  - Cable TV Ready  - Central Air & Heating  - New Appliances*  - Luxurious Fireplace  - Dishwashers  - Partial Paid Utilities  - Mirrored Wardrobe Closets  - Newly Renovated  - Dual-Paned Windows*  - Luxury Apartments  - Microwaves  - Luxury Whirlpool Appliances  - Walk-In Closets  - Granite Counter-Tops  - Vertical Blinds  - High End Apartment Living  - Furnished Apartments Available  - Ceiling Fans *In Select Apartment Homes Community Amenities - Sun Deck Area  - Gated Subterranean Parking  - BBQ Area  - Friendly, professional on-site management  - Swimming Pool  - Laundry facilities  - Controlled Access Entry  - Beautiful Courtyard  - Pet Policy: Sorry, No Pets - Responsive Maintenance Pet Policy Pet Policy: Sorry, No Pets Driving Directions From 101 Ventura Freeway and 405 Freeway interchange - Drive north on the 405 and exit at Nordhoff Street. Turn left on Nordhoff St. and drive approximately 3 miles west. You will pass California State University at Northridge. The Ridgeview is located 2 lights past the University on the right.From I-5 Freeway South (Golden State) - Merge onto the 405 Freeway south (San Diego) and exit at Nordhoff Street. Turn right on Nordhoff St. and drive approximately 3 miles west. You will pass California State University at Northridge. The Ridgeview is located 2 lights past the University on the right. Equal Housing Opportunity Available floor plan maybe different then the one that is shown. Luxury Sherman Oaks Studio City North Hollywood Burbank Valley Village Toluca Lake Van Nuys Encino Tarzana Woodland Hills West Hills Chatsworth Northridge North Hills Granada Hills Porter Ranch Ventura Blvd South Valley Lake Balboa Reseda HOZ3T6zp3

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 16:19
Price: $1705
Latitude: 34.235305
Longitude: -118.547833
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 588
