$1795 / 1br - 750ft2 - Beautiful 1 Bedroom at a Charming Quiet Community Coming Soon! (Sherman Oaks)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 750 Sq. Ft. 
Welcome home to Weddington Apartments A beautiful apartment community located in Sherman Oaks, California Weddington Apartments is perfectly located in a central Sherman Oaks area. Enjoy the convenience of being close to the best shopping, restaurants, entertainment, and more. If convenience and affordability are important factors in your lifestyle, you've come to the right place. Choose from our exceptional one and two bedroom apartments. Enjoy our split level floor plans! Uniquely designed with the amenities that you deserve, our community features are second to none. Dramatic nine foot ceilings, hardwood floors, extra storage, plush carpeting, mirrored closet doors, and vertical blinds are just a few of the standard features included in each apartment home. From the moment you arrive you'll feel like you're coming home. Enjoy the beautiful California weather and take a dip in our swimming pool. Other amenities include gated access, a laundry room, beautiful landscaping, covered parking, on-call maintenance, and professional management. Cats are welcome! Call us today to see why Weddington Apartments is the perfect place to call home. 
Features:
Dishwasher, Mirrored Closet Doors, Ceiling Fans, Extra Storage, Vertical Blinds, Hardwood Floors, Skylight Split Level*, Extra Vanity and Sink*, Carpeted Floors, 20 Foot Ceilings*, Balcony/Patio, 6 Step Walkup From Living Room to Dining Area*, Cable Ready, Vaulted Ceilings, 9 Foot Ceilings*, Walk-In Closet Floor Plans, Covered Parking, Air Conditioning 
Community Amenities:
Cable Available, Beautiful Landscaping, Swimming Pool, Easy Access to Shopping, On-call Maintenance, Laundry Facility, Easy Access to Freeways, Gated Access, Assigned Parking, Public Parks Nearby, Covered Parking 
Pet Policy:
Cats upon approval. Up to two indoor cats per unit with extra deposit. Please call for details. 
Full Color Brochure Here:
http://lease.conam.com/7ebwdrDisclaimer: Please be aware of scams on Craigslist. It is our practice never to require someone to complete a credit application or provide personal credit information before touring an apartment home. Rent is based on lease term selected. Please contact office for more details. Prices subject to change.
Equal Housing Opportunity 
5dvmJAoVA

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 15:10
Price: $1795
Latitude: 34.166505
Longitude: -118.467901
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 750
