$1625 / 1br - 703ft2 - Hardwood-style Floors, Charter Oaks School District, Covered Parking

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 x 23OR Text 23 to  show contact info
 to text with us. This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 703 Sq. Ft.  Vista Pointe Apartment Homes is nestled at the foot of the San Gabriel Mountains east of downtown Los Angeles. We offer premier Southern California apartments featuring designer interior finishes, stainless steel appliances and with hardwood style flooring and washers and dryers in select homes.Our community amenities are among the best at Vista Pointe! Be prepared to unwind in two refreshing pools, workout anytime in the fitness center or challenge a friend to a match at the tennis courts. Landscaped walking paths and grassy courtyards will guide you to your home. We also have pet stations located throughout the community for you and your pet's convenience.  Features: Cable TV/High-Speed Internet/Satellite*, Washers and Dryers*, Private Patios and Balconies, Spacing Bedrooms and Walk-in Closets*, Central Air and Heat, Efficient Appliances, Disposal, Air Conditioner, Fully-Equipped Kitchens with All Appliances, Carpeting, Hardwood-style Floors*, Newly Renovated Apartments Available*, Refrigerator, Electronic Thermostat, Dishwasher, Vaulted Ceilings on Second Floor Apartments, Ample Parking  Community Amenities: Business Center, Pet Stations, Two Shimmering Pools and Spas, Credit Cards Accepted For Monthly Rent, Tennis Courts, Barbecue and Picnic Areas, Night Patrol, Online Payments Accepted, Two On-Site Laundry Rooms, Lushly Landscaped Courtyards and Walking Paths, Controlled Access/Gated, Covered Parking, Corporate and Short Term Leases Available, Charter Oaks School District, Instant Credit Screening, 24-Hour Emergency Maintenance, Submit Payments and Service Requests with Your Mobile Smartphone, Professional On-Site Management, Online Service Requests, Fitness Center, Gated Community  Pet Policy: Cats Allowed: Rent $50.00, Deposit $500.00Dog Allowed: Rent $50.00, Deposit $500.00Maximum 2 pets per apartment. Additional monthly & deposit applies per pet. Breed Restrictions apply. Interested in more information? See link below:http://live.fpimgt.com/036o32Equal Housing Opportunity SoCUDC2f

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 12:48
Price: $1625
Latitude: 34.093800
Longitude: -117.856000
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 703
