$2600 / 1br - 758ft2 - Beautiful Mountain View 1 Bed 1 Bath +$500 OFF Move-in! (Glendale)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
CONNECTED. SOCIAL. SOPHISTICATED. Welcome to ONYX Glendale Apartments, Your New Luxury Apartment Home in Downtown Glendale, CAONYX Glendale Apartments is the prototype for 21st century living where the good life meets your life.Our Downtown Glendale Apartments offer contemporary studios, 1, 2, 3-bedroom flats, townhomes and loft plans. Our apartment community offers luxury amenities, and easy access to shopping, eating, and work.Live in a truly modern apartment, with AMENITIES such as a smart WiFi programmable thermostat, designer mecho shade window coverings, and surround sound speakers with WiFi streaming service.Be at the center of all the action downtown. Rent your new luxury apartment IN THE HEART of Glendale, close to the best shopping centers and restaurants in the area, such as the Glendale Galleria, The Americana at Brand, Porto's Bakery, and more.You'll never have to be afraid of a traditional Los Angeles commute. ONYX Glendale Apartments is a short walk away from Univision Communications, and less than a ten minute drive away from major employers, such as Dreamworks Animation, Disney, and many more. We're situated near popular neighborhoods, such as Eagle Rock, Atwater Village, Highland Park, and Burbank.Our apartment community is more that just a place to stay, it's a place to call home. Want to know what sets us apart from the rest? Come see what living is like at ONYX GLENDALE APARTMENTS.  Call Now:  show contact info
 x 135OR Text 135 to  show contact info
 to text a leasing agent.Full Color Brochure Here:http://cl.greystar.com/946g50 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 747 Sq. Ft. Features - Top-Line GE Stainless Steel Appliance Package  - Modern Backlit Mirrors in Bathrooms  - Smart WiFi Programmable Thermostat featuring Central Heat & Air  - Spacious Walk-In Closets  - Exceptional Modern Kitchens with Quartz Countertop featuring Contemporary Tile Backsplash, Custom Cabinets and MOEN Water fixtures  - Private Balcony with Mountain View (select units)  - Refined Wood Plank Flooring  - Hi-Tech Washer and Dryer  - Two Distinctive Interior Finishes  - Designer Mecho Shade Window Coverings  - Surround Sound Speakers with WiFi Streaming Service  - Soothing Deep Soaking Tubs accentuated with Custom Cabinetry and Quartz Countertop Community Amenities - Smoke Free Community  - Dipping Pool with Spa, Cabanas and Lounge  - Expansive Courtyards  - Controlled Access Gate  - On-Site Maintenance and Management  - Revitalizing Coffee Lounge  - Secluded Outdoor Lounge and Two Sky Decks with Fire Pits, Gas Grill Barbeques and Endless Views of Glendale/Pasadena/Downtown LA and the Majestic San Gabriel Mountains  - Package Receiving  - Active Club Lounge with Gourmet Kitchen and Entertaining Suite  - Covered/Assigned Parking  - Modern Fitness Center with latest Weight and Cardio Equipment  - Cell Boosters on Every Level so you will always have Signal  - Fresh Air Game Lounge with Shuffleboard and Flat Screen TV's  - Tranquil Yoga Studio with Virtual Fitness Training Classes  - Wheelchair Access  - Fresh Community Rooftop Garden  - Pet Friendly  - Woof Wash and Pet Park Onsite  - Retail Spaces on Site Pet Policy Pet Friendly Office Hours Monday - Sunday: 10am-7pm Onyx Glendale 313 West California Avenue, Glendale, CA, 91203Equal Housing Opportunity 9iUU2NZLBgm

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 10:09
Price: $2600
Latitude: 34.149743
Longitude: -118.258438
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 758
