$3450 / 3br - D3 - GLENDALE * 3 BATH * Remodel * Walk-Up * Patio * Island Range (N Glendale near Nestle)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Make Online Appointment
bit(dot)ly/1M84GPI
This beautiful three bedroom three bath is huge. The front yard is manicured by our professional landscape team. The brick-face front encases the double-door private entry. Upon entering the home, you are immediately in the spacious living area with the fireplace to the right. The marble floor kitchen includes a dishwasher and disposer. It is equipped with a built-in double-oven and an island range serving in the formal dining room. We can also supply an optional refrigerator ($25/mo extra).  The large living room space is brightened by windows in the kitchen, living room, and formal dining room.

The flooring is newly carpeted floors throughout, central air conditioning and central heating. There is plenty of closet space. All bedrooms have large wall-to-wall walk-in closets. Each bedroom has its own large private bathroom. Cable & broadband (up to 100MB) is prewired.

Here are the negatives - No elevator - TV satellite dish not allowed - No backyard - No hardwood floor - No granite coutertop -  room share hosting not allowed


The laundry room is located outside in the private fenced patio. Hot and cold water line hookups provide for full-size side-by-side washer and dryer machines. Pets are not allowed on the premises. 2 assigned parking spaces in private double-door garage provide controlled access. Near media district and studios, 7 minutes drive to downtown Burbank.


For a wonderful Glendale experience you could not be better located than on Dryden Street.  Even on this small street you can find wonderful parks like Nibley Park, walking to Ralphs supermarket, and even the Americana at Brand. Starbucks is only 2 blocks away to fullfil your expensive caffeine habits. For those sweet tooth impulse urges, enjoy some ice cream at Baskin-Robbins with outdoor seating across from Ralphs Supermarket. Hop the BeeLine and in less than 2 minutes you are at the heart of downtown Glendale, with its world-acclaimed Americana At Brand and active life. Brand Boulevard is just a stone throw from Staples, Nordstrom Rack, Ross and has many ethnic restaurants from Hamburgers to Brazillian.  You can walk down Brand Boulevard and end up in the Glendale Galleria, with all its wonderful anchor stores and specialty boutiques.




Call:  show contact info

Shown: by appointment only
Hours: 10am-4pm everydayMake Online Appointment
bit(dot)ly/1M84GPI



FRAUD/SCAM STATEMENT

Before we accept any deposit money, you must
(1) meet with manager - unescorted apartment visits not allowed
(2) walk inside apartment - remote negotiations not allowed
(3) submit rental application via verified encrypted SSL website not public email
To minimize fraud, we require you make application fee payment at our offices, not online.

open house apartment townhouse condo duplex triplex views burbank glendale SFR pasadena lease rental yard lawn porch gated garage 
private fenced stainless steel unfurnished americana shopping city lights view walk in closet

Date Posted: October 05, 2018 at 13:08
Price: $3450
Latitude: 34.161406
Longitude: -118.252361
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 3
Sqft: NA
