$2395 / 2br - 1030ft2 - 2 BR / 2 BA  Gas Stove, Dishwasher, Fireplace, W/D, Pool, BBQ (19053 Nordhoff Street)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Unwind in Your New Home Welcome to the Villagio Luxury Apartments in Northridge, CA Call Now:  show contact info
The Villagio 19053 Nordhoff Street, Northridge, CA, 91324Follow The Link Below:http://rent.carloproperties.com/89171g This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1121 Sq. Ft.  Opened in 2006, Condo quality apartment homes. Enjoy peaceful, maintenance-free living among a sparkling pool, spa and beautiful courtyards and fountains. Nestled in the beautiful San Fernando Valley, you will find that our Northridge apartment community and landscape has the style of an Italian villa, however close enough to the convenience of Los Angeles.Keep in shape conveniently at home with our state-of-the-art fitness center. Feel the freedom to conduct business meetings and conferences in our business center. Entertain guests or associates in our screening room. Features - Intrusion Alarms  - Upgraded Vertical Blinds  - Separate Dining Room  - Central Air & Heating  - Fireplace**  - Full Whirlpool Appliance Package  - Walk-In Closets  - Mirrored Wardrobe Closets**  - Cable TV Ready  - Custom crafted oak cabinetry  - Private balcony or patio  - Granite Counters  - Washer/Dryer In Unit*  - High Speed Internet Access-Ready  - Oversized Pantries**  - Direct TV ready *In Most Units ** In Select Units Community Amenities - Laundry facilities on every floor  - Friendly, professional on-site management  - Gated Subterranean Parking  - Elevator Service  - Controlled Access Entry  - Social Area w/ BBQ Grills  - Media Room with Widescreen TV  - Swimming Pool  - Conference Room  - Responsive Maintenance  - Beautiful Courtyard  - Professionally Landscaped Grounds  - Fitness Center  - Pet Policy: Sorry no pets. - Sun Deck Area  - Soothing Spa Pet Policy Pet Policy: Sorry, No Pets Driving Directions From 101 Ventura Freeway and 405 Freeway interchange - Drive north on the 405 and exit at Nordhoff Street. Turn left on Nordhoff St. and drive approximately 3 miles west. You will pass California State University at Northridge. The Villagio is located 2 lights past the University on the right. From I-5 Freeway South (Golden State) - Merge onto the 405 Freeway south (San Diego) and exit at Nordhoff Street. Turn right on Nordhoff St. and drive approximately 3 miles west. You will pass California State University at Northridge. The Villagio is located 2 lights past the University on the right. Equal Housing Opportunity Available floor plan maybe different then the one that is shown. Luxury Apartments in Living Northridge Sherman Oaks Studio City North Hollywood Burbank Valley Village Toluca Lake Van Nuys Encino Tarzana Woodland Hills West Hills Chatsworth Northridge North Hills Granada Hills Porter Ranch Ventura Blvd South Valley Lake Balboa Reseda N9wMZ7ESz

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 16:11
Price: $2395
Latitude: 34.235308
Longitude: -118.548133
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1030
