$1895 / 1br - 729ft2 - MOVE IN SPECIAL!!! 1BR /1 BA  Covered Parking, GYM, Heated Pool, Spa (19053 Nordhoff Street)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Imagine Yourself Living Here! Welcome to the Villagio Luxury Apartments in Northridge, CA Call Now:  show contact info
The Villagio 19053 Nordhoff Street, Northridge, CA, 91324More unit details at:http://rent.carloproperties.com/s373w3 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 873 Sq. Ft.  Opened in 2006, Condo quality apartment homes. Enjoy peaceful, maintenance-free living among a sparkling pool, spa and beautiful courtyards and fountains. Nestled in the beautiful San Fernando Valley, you will find that our Northridge apartment community and landscape has the style of an Italian villa, however close enough to the convenience of Los Angeles.Keep in shape conveniently at home with our state-of-the-art fitness center. Feel the freedom to conduct business meetings and conferences in our business center. Entertain guests or associates in our screening room. Features - Separate Dining Room  - Granite Counters  - Oversized Pantries**  - Upgraded Vertical Blinds  - Central Air & Heating  - Fireplace**  - Cable TV Ready  - Mirrored Wardrobe Closets**  - Walk-In Closets  - Intrusion Alarms  - Private balcony or patio  - Direct TV ready  - Washer/Dryer In Unit*  - High Speed Internet Access-Ready  - Custom crafted oak cabinetry  - Full Whirlpool Appliance Package ** In Select Units *In Most Units Community Amenities - Fitness Center  - Friendly, professional on-site management  - Media Room with Widescreen TV  - Conference Room  - Controlled Access Entry  - Swimming Pool  - Elevator Service  - Soothing Spa  - Laundry facilities on every floor  - Professionally Landscaped Grounds  - Sun Deck Area  - Social Area w/ BBQ Grills  - Pet Policy: Sorry no pets. - Gated Subterranean Parking  - Beautiful Courtyard  - Responsive Maintenance Pet Policy Pet Policy: Sorry, No Pets Driving Directions From 101 Ventura Freeway and 405 Freeway interchange - Drive north on the 405 and exit at Nordhoff Street. Turn left on Nordhoff St. and drive approximately 3 miles west. You will pass California State University at Northridge. The Villagio is located 2 lights past the University on the right. From I-5 Freeway South (Golden State) - Merge onto the 405 Freeway south (San Diego) and exit at Nordhoff Street. Turn right on Nordhoff St. and drive approximately 3 miles west. You will pass California State University at Northridge. The Villagio is located 2 lights past the University on the right. Equal Housing Opportunity Available floor plan maybe different then the one that is shown. Luxury Apartments in Living Northridge Sherman Oaks Studio City North Hollywood Burbank Valley Village Toluca Lake Van Nuys Encino Tarzana Woodland Hills West Hills Chatsworth Northridge North Hills Granada Hills Porter Ranch Ventura Blvd South Valley Lake Balboa Reseda kJ0nwkmvD5D

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 16:09
Price: $1895
Latitude: 34.235308
Longitude: -118.548133
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 729
