$2605 / 3br - 1296ft2 - Lease it Today! Beautiful Ground floor, Private Patio, Garage! (LA VERNE)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Welcome Home to La Verne Village Luxury Apartment Homes!  Welcome home to La Verne Village Luxury Apartment Homes and Shops! Situated in La Verne, California, this new community was influenced by contemporary craftsman-style architecture with elements of nostalgic craftsmanship and modern amenities. The community features include touches like slate and other naturally-formed finishes, exposed beams, earth-toned colors, exposed wood and metal details. The apartment homes are warm and inviting with premium hardwood style flooring, two-toned paint, crown molding, sleek modern appliances, ceiling fans and upgraded lighting within. Within the La Verne Village community, you will experience shops and dining at your fingertips. The University of La Verne and the five Claremont Colleges are also just minutes away. By choosing the La Verne Village lifestyle, you will have exclusive access to community amenities, such as a tech lounge, poolside retreat and entertainment area, fitness studio, media room, and resort-style swimming pool and spa. Browse our photo gallery or call to schedule a tour today and see why La Verne Village really is the perfect place to call home!*Floor plan availability and pricing subject to change. Square footage and/or room dimensions are approximations and may vary between individual apartment units.Western National Property ManagementCalDRE LIC #00838846  Call Now:  show contact info
Want more info? See the link below:http://apartments.wng.com/660r38 This is a 3 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1296 Sq. Ft. Features - Hardwood Style Flooring  - Tile Flooring in Bathrooms  - Plush Designer Carpeting  - Private Patios and Balconies  - Generous Closet Space  - Granite Countertops  - 12 Ft. Ceilings  - Two-Toned Paint Schemes  - In-Home Washers and Dryers  - Ceiling Fans in Living Rooms  - Contemporary Kitchens  - Crown Molding  - Attached and Detached One-Car Garages with Remote Access  - Custom White Cabinetry  - Central Heating and Air Conditioning  - Complete Appliance Packages Including: Refrigerators, Dishwashers and Microwaves *In Select Apartment Homes Community Amenities - Convenient Online Leasing and Resident Portal  - Package Acceptance and Delivery Service  - Resort-Style Swimming Pool and Spa  - Poolside Retreat with Fireplace and Outdoor Entertainment  - Convenient On-Site Shopping and Dining  - Easy Access to the 210 Freeway  - On-Site and On-Call Management and Maintenance  - Within Minutes of The University of La Verne and The Claremont Colleges  - Online Credit Card Payments Accepted  - Poolside Fitness Studio with Cardio Machines Featuring Personal TV's  - Media Room for Resident Activities and Private Parties  - Corporate Housing Available  - Modern Tech Lounge with Computers and WiFi Pet Policy BRING YOUR FURRY FRIENDS HOME!La Verne Village Luxury Apartment Homes is a pet friendly community!We welcome both cats and dogs under 35 Lbs.$400 pet deposit and $35 monthly pet rent per cat.$400 pet deposit and $35 monthly pet rent per dog.Maximum of two pets per apartment home. Office Hours 9:00 AM - 6:00 PM Daily La Verne Village Luxury Apartment Homes 2855 Foothill Blvd, La Verne, CA, 91750Equal Housing Opportunity  apartments in La Verne ca apartments University of La Verne Los Angeles County apartments apts rentals 9twWxuMP

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 18:01
Price: $2605
Latitude: 34.108682
Longitude: -117.751553
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1296
