$2308 / 763ft2 - Brand New Community w/ 24hr Gym. Heated Pool. All Appliances in Unit! (All Appliances in Unit.)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Studio, one, two and three bedroom apartments connected to Alhambra Place Neighborhood Center Vibrant, urban and just minutes from downtown Los Angeles and Pasadena, 88 at Alhambra Place Apartments is redefining transitional luxury living. Surrounded by the best shopping, dining and entertainment right outside your front door, you'll enjoy a happening nightlife paired with a perfectly styled apartment - everything you need in one place! With easy access to both the 10 and 710 freeways, there has never been a more convenient place to call home. Join the Interest List today to receive news, updates and the latest happenings at 88 at Alhambra Place.  Call Now:  show contact info
Need more information? Copy this link:http://lease.sheaservice.com/9L25v4 This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 763 Sq. Ft. Features - Wired for ceiling fans in master bedroom  - Stainless steel appliances  - Designer paint and LED lighting  - Two schemes of interior finishes  - Flat panel doors with upgraded lever hardware  - Quartz stone countertops  - Oversized windows with horizontal blinds  - Modern tile backsplash  - Walk-in closets  - Kitchen islands and pantries  - One bedroom floor plan  - Private patio or balcony  - Washer/dryer  - Wood style flooring  - Flat panel cabinetry *Amenities May Vary by Floor Plan and Location Community Amenities - Minutes from Interstate 10 and 710  - Wi-Fi throughout amenity areas  - Located close to downtown Los Angeles and Pasadena  - Parking garage with plenty of parking  - 'Workout in the high-end Mind, Body and Soul fitness and conditioning club with cardio and weight training equipment  - Karaoke lounge  - Resort-style pool  - Connect Lounge with cyber cafe  - Spa  - Pet friendly with pet spa and bark park  - Fire pits  - The Lanai, an outdoor living room with fireplace and TV's  - Incredible outdoor entertainment areas  - Themed courtyards with BBQ's and picnic areas  - Gaming room with billiards  - Attached to the Alhambra Place neighborhood retail center with 120,000 square feet of retail  - Smoke-free community  - The Lounge with bar and TV's Pet Policy Pet friendly community. Fees, weight and breed restrictions apply. Contact us for details. Income Requirements: 2.7 times the monthly rentDriving Directions From 101 South: Take the 101 South to the 10 East. Exit on Garfield Avenue and turn right onto Garfield Avenue. After E. Bay Street, turn right on Alhambra Place Shopping Center and the community is on the right. From the 5 North: Take the 5 North to the 10 East. Exit on Garfield Avenue and turn right onto Garfield Avenue. After E. Bay Street, turn right on Alhambra Place Shopping Center and the community is on the right.  Office Hours Mon - Sat: 9 a.m. - 6 p.m.Sunday: 11 a.m. - 5 p.m. 88 at Alhambra Place 88 S Garfield , Alhambra, CA, 91801 The rental rates listed above are based on a 12+ month lease term with immediate move-in. Shorter term leases and longer hold periods are available with a monthly upcharge. Pricing deemed reliable but not guaranteed and can change without notice. CA BL DRE #01382566Equal Housing Opportunity hFpy7epM

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 15:51
Price: $2308
Latitude: 34.091400
Longitude: -118.129300
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: 763
