$3971 / 2br - 1139ft2 - Pet friendly community with pool-side cabanas, bbq pit & much more. (Pasadena)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
4 Weeks Free Rent + $750 OFF! Move in by December 31st, 2018 - Call for further details 
Call Now -  show contact info
 x 70
OR Text 70 to  show contact info
 to contact a leasing agent.
This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1139 Sq. Ft. 
Nestled against the mountains of sunny Pasadena, Avila is moments away from bustling shops, lively cafés, eclectic art galleries and lush parks. With everything Old Town has to offer the decision of whether to go out or stay in has never been more difficult. The Avila community is welcoming and warm, bringing new life to this incredible location. Merging classic Spanish-style architecture with the modern Mediterranean, Avila incorporates an old world aesthetic in an authentic way. This new kid on the block also just happens to be the coolest, with unique, funky elements that give it a youthful vibe. From customized co-working spaces to a bright, airy arcade, this is an environment that residents will want to come home to, not to mention a great place for get togethers. Avila, where classic Spanish meets modern Mediterranean. Coming to Pasadena in Summer 2018. 
Features:
Washer and Dryer Included, Modern Plank Flooring, Large Private Patio or Balcony*, Walk-In Closets*, Full Tile Kitchen Backsplash, Quartz Countertops in Kitchen and Baths, Designer Selected Interior Finishes, Offering Studio, 1- and 2- Bedroom Floor Plans, Tile Bathroom Flooring, Full Stainless Steel Appliance Package, Linen Closets* 
Community Amenities:
Poolside Cabanas with Lounge Seating, Clubroom with TV, Ping Pong Table, Fireplace and Kitchen, Gated Covered Parking, 24-Hr Emergency Maintenance, State-Of-The-Art Fitness Center with Yoga/Ballet Barre Room, Resort-Inspired Heated Pool and Spa, Online Rent Payment, TVs, Barcade featuring: Pool Table, Pinball, Shuffleboard, Skeeball, Kitchenette, and TV, Outdoor Lounge Seating, TV, and Fireplace, Outdoor Gourmet Kitchens with Seating and, Coworking Space with Meeting Room, Workstations, and Coffee Bar, Convenient Retail at Ground Level, 3 Roof Terraces with Seating, Fire Pit, TV, and Bar, Outdoor Courtyards with Seating, Water Features, BBQ, Fireplace, Fire Pit, and TVs, Dog Park, Free Wi-Fi in Common Areas, Online Maintenance Requests 
Pet Policy:
Pet friendly, contact for details. 
Use this link for more information:
http://cl.greystar.com/a721ve
Equal Housing Opportunity 
QwiiY7yN

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 15:14
Price: $3971
Latitude: 34.149845
Longitude: -118.151411
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1139
