$2352 / 575ft2 - Top Floor Studio With Pool View! (All Appliances in Unit.)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Studio, one, two and three bedroom apartments connected to Alhambra Place Neighborhood Center Vibrant, urban and just minutes from downtown Los Angeles and Pasadena, 88 at Alhambra Place Apartments is redefining transitional luxury living. Surrounded by the best shopping, dining and entertainment right outside your front door, you'll enjoy a happening nightlife paired with a perfectly styled apartment - everything you need in one place! With easy access to both the 10 and 710 freeways, there has never been a more convenient place to call home. Join the Interest List today to receive news, updates and the latest happenings at 88 at Alhambra Place.  Call Now:  show contact info
Use this link for more information:http://lease.sheaservice.com/8v2i60 This is a Studio, 1 Bath, approximately 575 Sq. Ft. Features - Quartz stone countertops  - Wired for ceiling fans in master bedroom  - Walk-in closets  - Flat panel doors with upgraded lever hardware  - Stainless steel appliances  - Designer paint and LED lighting  - Modern tile backsplash  - Two schemes of interior finishes  - Oversized windows with horizontal blinds  - Private patio or balcony  - Wood style flooring  - Flat panel cabinetry  - Kitchen islands and pantries  - Washer/dryer  - Studio floor plan *Amenities May Vary by Floor Plan and Location Community Amenities - Located close to downtown Los Angeles and Pasadena  - Incredible outdoor entertainment areas  - Wi-Fi throughout amenity areas  - Karaoke lounge  - Smoke-free community  - Minutes from Interstate 10 and 710  - Resort-style pool  - Spa  - Connect Lounge with cyber cafe  - 'Workout in the high-end Mind, Body and Soul fitness and conditioning club with cardio and weight training equipment  - The Lounge with bar and TV's  - Themed courtyards with BBQ's and picnic areas  - Gaming room with billiards  - Parking garage with plenty of parking  - Pet friendly with pet spa and bark park  - Fire pits  - The Lanai, an outdoor living room with fireplace and TV's  - Attached to the Alhambra Place neighborhood retail center with 120,000 square feet of retail Pet Policy Pet friendly community. Fees, weight and breed restrictions apply. Contact us for details. Income Requirements: 2.7 times the monthly rentDriving Directions From 101 South: Take the 101 South to the 10 East. Exit on Garfield Avenue and turn right onto Garfield Avenue. After E. Bay Street, turn right on Alhambra Place Shopping Center and the community is on the right. From the 5 North: Take the 5 North to the 10 East. Exit on Garfield Avenue and turn right onto Garfield Avenue. After E. Bay Street, turn right on Alhambra Place Shopping Center and the community is on the right.  Office Hours Mon - Sat: 9 a.m. - 6 p.m.Sunday: 11 a.m. - 5 p.m. 88 at Alhambra Place 88 S Garfield , Alhambra, CA, 91801 The rental rates listed above are based on a 12+ month lease term with immediate move-in. Shorter term leases and longer hold periods are available with a monthly upcharge. Pricing deemed reliable but not guaranteed and can change without notice. CA BL DRE #01382566Equal Housing Opportunity rlNSg8kk8

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 17:05
Price: $2352
Latitude: 34.091400
Longitude: -118.129300
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: 575
