$2820 / 2br - 1060ft2 - Easy 210 freeway access -- shorten your commute! (Monrovia)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Follow the Path to Your New Home Harmoniously Connected  Call Now:  show contact info
Areum Apartments 1110 South Fifth Ave, Monrovia, CA, 91016Visit This Website to See More:http://fairfield-apts.com/ch8444 This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1060 Sq. Ft.  At brand new Areum Apartments, you can explore the wondrous area just east of Los Angeles, while still being harmoniously connected to the excitement of downtown city life. Your neighborhood surroundings beckon to a simpler era, giving you that small town feeling that you crave. Stroll among the picturesque streets and shops of nearby enchanting Old Town Monrovia. Located in the heart of Monrovia's Restaurant Row, you can literally walk to your favorite restaurants. For those times when you desire the thrill of downtown L.A., the West Side, or Pasadena, hop onto the Metro Gold Line. With two Metro Gold Line Stations in easy walking distance and quick access to the 210, Areum keeps you connected to anywhere life may take you.Why endure the agony of congested city life when you can blissfully live just outside the box? Have what you want, when you want it, by being harmoniously connected at Areum. Features - Walk-In Closets with Built-In Shelving  - Expansive Windows with 2" Faux Wood Blinds  - Glazed Ceramic Marble-look Bathroom Tile Flooring  - Polished Riverbank Quartz Kitchen Counters  - Dark Hardwood Plank Flooring in the Living Room and Kitchen  - Dual Sink Vanities*  - Flat Front Vertical Grain Palisando Cabinetry  - White Ceramic Subway Tile Shower Surround  - Full Size Front-Loading In-Home Washer and Dryer  - Polished White Micro Flecks Quartz Bathroom Vanity  - Framed Mirror with Etched Glass Vanity Lighting  - Mosaic Porcelain Box Pattern Tile Kitchen Backsplash  - Stainless Steel Kitchen Appliances With a 4 Burner Gas Range  - Kitchen Island with Etched White and Brushed Nickel Pendant Lighting*  - Covered Patio or Balcony *On Select Homes Community Amenities - Smoke Free Community  - BLISS: Sparkling Resort-style Pool and Spa with Cabana Seating and Lounge Chairs  - Quick Access to the 210 Freeway  - Worry-Free 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance  - Coming Soon! On-Site Retail/Cafe Space  - MINGLE: BBQ Area with Dining Space and Outdoor Television  - Controlled Access Community  - Gated Multi-Level Parking Garage with 2 Elevators  - TRANSCEND: State-of-the-art Fitness Center with Cardio Equipment, Weight Machines, and Balance Training Options  - Walking Distance to Restaurants and Retail  - Complimentary Common Area Wi-Fi Access  - MIX: Two Way Firetable with Lounge Seating on Each Side  - Online Payments Available  - HAVEN: Resident Social Lounge with Kitchen, Televisions, Billiards Table, and Outdoor Patio Space  - Brand New Community Between the Arcadia and Monrovia Gold Line Stations Pet Policy We welcome you and your best friend, too! Fees and restrictions apply, contact us for details. Office Hours Monday and Tuesday: 10pm -- 6pmWednesday: 11am -- 6pmThursday and Friday: 10am -- 6pmSaturday: 10am -- 5pmSunday: 12pm -- 5pm Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. Equal Housing Opportunity Photos on this ad may not reflect all floorplans.Advertised pricing and availability are subject to change without notice and cannot be guaranteed. fFSpD6dc

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 18:38
Price: $2820
Latitude: 34.139106
Longitude: -118.020072
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1060
