$3931 / 1br - 1139ft2 - Right Around the Corner, Near Everywhere You Want to Be. (Pasadena)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
4 Weeks Free Rent + $750 OFF! Move in by October 31st - Call for further details 
Call Now -  show contact info
 x 13
OR Text 13 to  show contact info
 to contact our leasing team.
This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1139 Sq. Ft. 
Nestled against the mountains of sunny Pasadena, Avila is moments away from bustling shops, lively cafés, eclectic art galleries and lush parks. With everything Old Town has to offer the decision of whether to go out or stay in has never been more difficult. The Avila community is welcoming and warm, bringing new life to this incredible location. Merging classic Spanish-style architecture with the modern Mediterranean, Avila incorporates an old world aesthetic in an authentic way. This new kid on the block also just happens to be the coolest, with unique, funky elements that give it a youthful vibe. From customized co-working spaces to a bright, airy arcade, this is an environment that residents will want to come home to, not to mention a great place for get togethers. Avila, where classic Spanish meets modern Mediterranean. Coming to Pasadena in Summer 2018. 
Features:
Full Tile Kitchen Backsplash, Quartz Countertops in Kitchen and Baths, Designer Selected Interior Finishes, Walk-In Closets*, Linen Closets*, Modern Plank Flooring, Tile Bathroom Flooring, Washer and Dryer Included, Large Private Patio or Balcony*, Offering Studio, 1- and 2- Bedroom Floor Plans, Full Stainless Steel Appliance Package 
Community Amenities:
Dog Park, TVs, Poolside Cabanas with Lounge Seating, Outdoor Courtyards with Seating, Water Features, BBQ, Fireplace, Fire Pit, and TVs, 24-Hr Emergency Maintenance, Clubroom with TV, Ping Pong Table, Fireplace and Kitchen, Outdoor Gourmet Kitchens with Seating and, Online Maintenance Requests, Free Wi-Fi in Common Areas, Coworking Space with Meeting Room, Workstations, and Coffee Bar, State-Of-The-Art Fitness Center with Yoga/Ballet Barre Room, Convenient Retail at Ground Level, Resort-Inspired Heated Pool and Spa, Outdoor Lounge Seating, TV, and Fireplace, Barcade featuring: Pool Table, Pinball, Shuffleboard, Skeeball, Kitchenette, and TV, 3 Roof Terraces with Seating, Fire Pit, TV, and Bar, Gated Covered Parking, Online Rent Payment 
Pet Policy:
Pet friendly, contact for details. 
Want more info on this unit? See the link (below):
http://cl.greystar.com/73kto6
Equal Housing Opportunity 
VWXHwM3pJ

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 14:03
Price: $3931
Latitude: 34.149845
Longitude: -118.151411
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 1139
