$3624 / 1br - 762ft2 - Sleek And Classy 1 Bedroom Ready To Be All Yours! (Culver City)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Contact for Specials. (Pricing is subject to change based on availability and lease terms.) 
 Call Now -  show contact info

This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 756 Sq. Ft. 
Cheers to bold and stylish modern living that opens more doors. Welcome to Access --a new and more inspired way to live in Los Angeles. Have your choice of dynamically designed and generously sized studio, 1- and 2-bedroom contemporary apartments and 3 bedroom townhomes for rent. They are LEED certified and designed to save resources for a healthier, more thoughtful environment. Everything you want is here: designer-selected finishes and fixtures, resort concept amenities, and an intriguing, eclectic mix of shops and restaurants. Make the most of Culver City's foodie culture, plenty of shopping, nightlife, entertainment and thriving professional opportunities at Hayden Tract. Best yet, the Expo Line is just steps from your door. You'll love fast and easy access to all of L.A. for work and play whenever you want. Open yourself up to more right now at Access. 
Features:
Stainless Steel Appliance Package, Modern Plank Flooring, Quartz Countertops in Kitchen and Baths, Two Available Cabinet Color Schemes, Gas Range, Kitchen Island with storage, Garbage Disposal, Over-the-Range Microwave, Tile Bathroom Flooring, Linen Closets*, Ice Maker, Designer Selected Interior Finishes, Ceiling Fans, Dishwasher, Full Tile Kitchen Backsplash, Refrigerator, Washer and Dryer Included, Motion Sensor Under-cabinet Lighting, Large Private Patio or Balcony*, Side-by-Side Refrigerator*, Walk-In Closets* 
*select residences only
Community Amenities:
Free Wi-Fi in Common Areas, Dual Demonstration Outdoor Gourmet BBQ Grills with Seating and TV's, Outdoor Lounge Seating, TV and Fireplace, Convenient Retail at Ground Level, Online Maintenance Requests, Outdoor Yoga Platform, Across the Street from Expo Line Rail Station, Clubroom with Demonstration Kitchen, Lounge Seating, Gaming, and TV's, Observation Deck, Soothing Zen Fountain, 24-HR State-Of-The-Art Fitness Center with Training Equipment, and Free Weights, Resort-Inspired Heated Pool and Spa with Poolside Cabanas, Pet Friendly, 24-Hr Emergency Maintenance, Gated Covered Parking, LEED Silver Certification (Upon Completion), Outdoor Pavilion, Professionally Managed by Greystar, Online Rent Payment 
Pet Policy:
Dogs and cats allowed adhering to breed restrictions. 
Need more information? Copy this link:
http://cl.greystar.com/a9i01u
Equal Housing Opportunity 
qXP03hBbz76

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 15:58
Price: $3624
Latitude: 34.028353
Longitude: -118.385561
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 762
