$2595 / 2br - 112. 2 Bedroom 1/5 Bath ~ 2 Story Unit ~ Fully Renovated ~ (West LA/ Adj Culver City)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        

    
      11730-11846 Culver Blvd.  Marvista, CA 90066
    
  
  Property Address

11730-11846 Culver Blvd.  | Los Angeles, CA 90066


  Available: Now

Offered By

Ben Leeds Properties |  show contact info

Description
  
    Beautiful 2 Bedroom 1 Bathroom Townhouse Style Apartment with many Upgrades!
A two story garden style courtyard townhouse building with fountains, gated entrance, intercom system, on-site laundry, gated parking and surveillance cameras in heart of Culver City.
For more information or to schedule a viewing, please contact our Property Manager, Yoana at  show contact info
 or via email at  show contact info

KEY FEATURES
Bedrooms: 2 Bed
Bathrooms: 1 Bath
Parking: 2 Spaces*
Lease Duration: 1 Year (See Details Below)
Deposit: 1 month (OAC)
Pets Policy: Cats & Dogs OK
Laundry: Shared
Property Type: Townhouse Style Apartment
UNIT DESCRIPTION:
Large Kitchen with tile flooring, granite counter tops, lots of cabinets, stainless steel appliances including dishwasher, microwave, gas stove and a door with access to your large private patio.
A custom made handrail stairway takes you to the second floor where you will find your guest and master bedrooms.  
Living Room has new paint, wall-to-wall hardwood flooring, ceiling with exposed wooden beams, air conditioner, wall gas heater, and a large window with vertical blinds.
2nd level:
Hallway with new wood floors and floor to ceiling wooden cabinet for more storage and wooden ceiling
Bathroom with tile flooring, Jacuzzi bathtub with beautiful tile on the walls and a glass panel, nice vanity and all new accessories.
Master Bedroom with wood floors, new paint, large closet with sliding mirror doors and a window with vertical blinds.
Guest Bedroom with wood floors, new paint, large closet with sliding mirror doors and a window with vertical blinds.
This unit comes with 1 tandem parking space (2 cars) in our gated parking.
Located in prime West Los Angeles area with easy access to the 405 freeway, just minutes away from downtown Culver City, Marina Del Rey and Venice Beach. 2 blocks east of Centinela. Across the street from the Culver Bike Path.
COMMUNITY FEATURES:
On-Site Laundry
Gated entry
Near transportation
Covered parking
For additional Ben Leeds Property listings go to www.benleedsproperties.com or call our Leasing Agent  show contact info
.
Pet Policy:
Cat and Dogs friendly - under 25 lbs. (weight at maturity); No aggressive breeds: Chows, Pit Bulls, Dobermans, Rottweilers, German Shepard, and a mix of aggressive breeds.
Other Terms and Requirements:
1-year lease term; Security deposit is determined by your credit, typically 1-month rent; Online Application is preferred and can be processed faster than a paper application; $30 Application fee per person (18 years and older) can be paid with credit or debit card for online application or with money order and cashier check for paper application; No evictions; No foreclosures / bankruptcies in the last 5 years; Two (2) forms of current government issued ID: Driver's License, Passport, SSN card, Military ID, Visa, etc; Proof of Income: last 3 months of check stub's, or checking / saving account, or current W2. Renter's insurance is required.
Equal Housing Opportunity Provider
*Pricing and availability is subject to change without notice*



  Details
  Beds/Baths: 2BD/1.0BA

  Rental Terms
  Rent: $2,595.00 

    
Available: Now
    
Application Fee: $30.00
    
Security Deposit: $2,595.00

  
Pet Policy
  Cats allowed
      Small dogs allowed

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 13:49
Price: $2595
Latitude: 34.003000
Longitude: -118.429800
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1.5
Sqft: NA
