$3010 / 1br - 659ft2 - 1 bedroom - Private Conference Room, Concierge Services, Stone Counter

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
At Harlow you'll uncoverfabulous style and first-class amenities for all who call this amazing neighborhood home. These apartments in Culver City, CAarein close proximity to trendy restaurants and bars, fantastic shopping, and sizzling nightlife. We're only a bike ride away from Westside LA!These lavish homes offer superb amenities while keeping personalized style in mind. It's easy to indulge and enjoy all the pleasures this bustling city vibe has to offer.If you're actively looking for a new place to call home,please take the time to browse through an array of breathtaking one, two and three bedroom floor plans. The property itself offerssome of the finest amenities in the city, including a comfortable resident lounge for rest and relaxation, a sixth-floor terrace with a cozy fire pit, and a state of the art fitness center for the health conscious. Each apartment home features spacious living, stainless steel appliances, phenomenal stone countertops, modern fixtures, as well as hardwood-style flooring throughout. Outside of this lavish community, Culver City offers convenient shopping located just a short distance away, while also providing access to multiple freeways for commuting, and fun in the sun at the beautiful beaches of Santa Monica. Plenty ofdelicious restaurants, fresh food markets,and cozy bars are close by. If you have any questions, or you wish to schedule a personal tour of this exceptional community,please give us a call. We're always happy to assist.We can't wait to welcome you home to Harlow, the finest apartments in Culver City, CA.
Programmable Thermostats, Full-Size Washers and Dryers, State-of-the-Art Fitness Center, In-Home Security Systems, Concierge Services, Sixth-Floor Terrace with a Fire Pit, Frigidaire Stainless Steel Appliance Package, Oversized Soaking Tubs, On-Site Retail and Restaurants, Comfortable Resident Loungeshow contact info

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 10:57
Price: $3010
Latitude: 34.021611
Longitude: -118.397810
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 659
