$2350 Modern Studio Near UCLA w/ Quartz Countertops, Laminate Wood Floors (Westwood, Brentwood, West LA, Beverly Hills)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Modern Studio Apt Near UCLA w/ Quartz Countertops, Laminate Wood Floors, & Fireplace. Brentwood, West LA, & Beverly Hills.
This Studio apartment features include laminate wood flooring, with a private balcony, a cozy fireplace, central air conditioning and heat. Tile flooring and quartz countertops in kitchen and bath. Kitchen is equipped with stainless steel appliances including a dishwasher, refrigerator, and gas stove/oven.
Experience a carefree, relaxing lifestyle at The Hilgard. Perfectly situated in a very cosmopolitan neighborhood, The Hilgard is the ideal place to call home! Our convenient location puts you within walking distance of everything in Westwood Village, just two blocks north of Wilshire and one block east of Westwood Boulevard, exactly where you want.
We're minutes away to all popular westside destinations including Armand Hammer Museum of Art & Cultural Center, UCLA, Getty Museum, Geffen Playhouse, Wadsworth Theatre. Fabulous restaurants and shopping, movie theatres, world class yoga, and public transportation are all at your fingertips.For more information, call today at  show contact info
.
972 Hilgard Avenue 
Westwood, Los Angeles, California, 90024
Brentwood, West LA, & Beverly Hills Website: http://www.TheHilgard.comThis Studio apartment offers the following amenities:
Gated Parking
Refrigerator
Stove and Microwave
Laminate Wood Flooring
Central Air and Heating
Stainless Steel Appliances
Private Balcony
Dishwasher
Cozy Gas Fireplace
Disclaimer: Pictures are a representation but may not be of the exact apartment. Advertised unit availability, rental rates, and terms are updated every 24 hours and conditions are subject to change without notice. 
Please call for latest availability details.

Date Posted: October 26, 2018 at 20:41
Price: $2350
Latitude: 34.062372
Longitude: -118.441479
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
