$5410 / 2br - 1289ft2 - Top Floor 2 Bed + 2 Bath Townhome Style Apt. Call Now!! (Culver City)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
 Contact for Specials. (Pricing is subject to change based on availability and lease terms.) Access Is Everything Cheers to bold and stylish modern living that opens more doors. Welcome to Access --a new and more inspired way to live in Los Angeles. Have your choice of dynamically designed and generously sized studio, 1- and 2-bedroom contemporary apartments and 3 bedroom townhomes for rent. They are LEED certified and designed to save resources for a healthier, more thoughtful environment. Everything you want is here: designer-selected finishes and fixtures, resort concept amenities, and an intriguing, eclectic mix of shops and restaurants. Make the most of Culver City's foodie culture, plenty of shopping, nightlife, entertainment and thriving professional opportunities at Hayden Tract. Best yet, the Expo Line is just steps from your door. You'll love fast and easy access to all of L.A. for work and play whenever you want. Open yourself up to more right now at Access.  Call Now:  show contact info
Interested in more information? See link below:http://cl.greystar.com/b80mrq This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1289 Sq. Ft. Features - Motion Sensor Under-cabinet Lighting  - Full Tile Kitchen Backsplash  - Gas Range  - Linen Closets*  - Side-by-Side Refrigerator*  - Stainless Steel Appliance Package  - Dishwasher  - Two Available Cabinet Color Schemes  - Refrigerator  - Kitchen Island with storage  - Ceiling Fans  - Walk-In Closets*  - Quartz Countertops in Kitchen and Baths  - Large Private Patio or Balcony*  - Tile Bathroom Flooring  - Garbage Disposal  - Modern Plank Flooring  - Ice Maker  - Washer and Dryer Included  - Designer Selected Interior Finishes  - Over-the-Range Microwave *select residences only Community Amenities - Outdoor Pavilion  - Resort-Inspired Heated Pool and Spa with Poolside Cabanas  - 24-HR State-Of-The-Art Fitness Center with Training Equipment, and Free Weights  - Soothing Zen Fountain  - LEED Silver Certification (Upon Completion)  - Online Maintenance Requests  - Clubroom with Demonstration Kitchen, Lounge Seating, Gaming, and TV's  - Outdoor Yoga Platform  - Professionally Managed by Greystar  - Observation Deck  - Online Rent Payment  - 24-Hr Emergency Maintenance  - Pet Friendly  - Gated Covered Parking  - Outdoor Lounge Seating, TV and Fireplace  - Across the Street from Expo Line Rail Station  - Free Wi-Fi in Common Areas  - Dual Demonstration Outdoor Gourmet BBQ Grills with Seating and TV's  - Convenient Retail at Ground Level Pet Policy Dogs and cats allowed adhering to breed restrictions. Office Hours Mon-Sat 9:30a-6p, Sun Closed Access Culver City 8770 Washington Blvd, Culver City, CA, 90232Equal Housing Opportunity X0Fes0x1gr6

Date Posted: October 15, 2018 at 10:36
Price: $5410
Latitude: 34.028158
Longitude: -118.385475
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sqft: 1289
