$2350 Modern Studio Apt Near UCLA w/ Laminate Wood Flooring (Westwood, Brentwood, West LA, Beverly Hills)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Modern Studio Apt Near UCLA w/ Laminate Wood Flooring & Stainless Steel Appliances. Westwood, Brentwood, West LA, Beverly Hills.
972 Hilgard Avenue is a beautiful 40 unit apartment-complex. It is centrally located in Westwood, a cosmopolitan, vibrant, and diverse community on the westside of Los Angeles, California. Perfectly situated in a very cosmopolitan neighborhood, The Hilgard is the ideal place to call home! Our convenient location puts you within walking distance of everything in Westwood Village, just two blocks north of Wilshire and one block east of Westwood Boulevard.
Minutes away to all popular westside destinations including Armand Hammer Museum of Art & Cultural Center, UCLA, Getty Museum, Geffen Playhouse, Wadsworth Theatre. Fabulous restaurants and shopping, movie theatres, world class yoga, and public transportation are all at your fingertips.
We are close to Century City, Brentwood and Beverly Hills as well as the Santa Monica beaches, 3rd Street Promenade, Santa Monica Place, Main Street, Montana Avenue, Venice Beach, The Grove, Melrose Ave and many other great L.A. spots.
This Studio apartment features include laminate wood flooring, with a balcony, central air conditioning and heat. Tile flooring and quartz countertops in kitchen and bath. Kitchen is equipped with stainless steel appliances including a dishwasher, a refrigerator, and gas stove/oven.For questions or appointment, call us at  show contact info
 or visit http://www.TheHilgard.com.
972 Hilgard Avenue 
Westwood, Los Angeles, California, 90024
Brentwood, West LA, & Beverly Hills This Studio apartment offers the following amenities:
Private Balcony
Dishwasher
Laminate Wood Flooring
Central Air and Heating
Cozy Gas Fireplace
Stainless Steel Appliances
Refrigerator
Stove and Microwave
Closets
Gated Parking
Disclaimer: Pictures are a representation but may not be of the exact apartment. Advertised unit availability, rental rates, and terms are updated every 24 hours and conditions are subject to change without notice. 
Please call for latest availability details.

Date Posted: September 25, 2018 at 06:43
Price: $2350
Latitude: 34.062372
Longitude: -118.441479
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
