$2450 Topanga Canyon Garden Level 1 bedroom (Topanga Canyon)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Come to Topanga Canyon and enjoy this garden level guest apartment with modern design flair. A great escape from the rigors of city life, yet close enough for an easy commute to most of LA. Unique, peaceful apartment with gas fireplace, large picture window overlooking a wonderfully landscaped yard. 
This is a well-appointed Jr. 1 Bedroom comfortable apartment with polished concrete floors, full kitchen, full bathroom, Jacuzzi tub and outdoor shower (Jacuzzi, outdoor shower and garden are shared) and high speed wireless access. This is not your typical rental unit. 
We are only 2 miles to the center of Topanga. Less than 10 minutes to the Pacific Ocean, Calabasas. 20 minutes to Santa Monica and Venice. 30 minutes to the Studios, etc. Walking distance to the trails of Red Rock State Park. 2 miles to center of Topanga, 8min drive to the beach, 7 to Calabasas, etc
Things to Do in Topanga and Surrounding Areas
HIKING:
Multiple trails with varying difficulties nearby. Some hidden gems.
Red Rock Park, Backbone Trail, Tuna Canyon Park, Summit to Summit Trail, etc
RESTAURANTS:
Inn of the Seventh Ray: very well know for their romantic outdoor dining on the creek side, organic menu, little pricey and a much affordable and worth it special fantastic brunch on Sunday. 
Canyon Bistro: French. Outdoor patio. Really good, fare price. Occasional jazz live music.
Rocco's In the Canyon: Italian.Pizza. Sitting/delivery.
Café Mimosa: French cosy coffee house outdoor patio (soup, sandwiches, pies, smoothies, salads...)
Waterlily Café: Lunch snack with outdoor patio (salads, soup, sandwiches, smoothies, coffee...) 
Pat's Topanga Grill: Breakfast&Brunch Old fashion country cooking.
MARKETS: 
Farmers' Market: Friday morning at the Community 
Country Natural Food: Health Food and Snacks Korean food 
Fresh in Topanga: Vegan Juice Bar & Smoothies. Great Soups
LOCAL BUSINESS:
- Topanga Horseback Riding-Offers Romantic Package and Full moon horseback rides
- Yoga Desa (Local yoga studio with many classes) Asked me for discount coupon.
- Hidden Treasures: Vintage clothing and jewelry 
- Jalan Jalan: Bali Carvings & statues with a gorgeous waterfall oasis in the back
- Will Geer'sTheatricum Botanicum: Outdoor amphitheater under the oaks celebrating it's 40th Repertory Season 
- Calabasas outdoor swimming/Tennis (+ dances classes, bicycle working out. Tai Chi classes, etc)
NEARBY 10 Minute Drive:
- Topanga Beach (swim with dolphins, pelicans and sometime seals)
- Saddle Peak Lodge-Malibu-Specializes in Game. Fine dinning. Pricey
- Getty Villa
- Lake Shrine Temple
- Reel Inn (fish)
- The Chart House
- Gladstone's 
- Cholada's Thai Beach Café-Great Thai Food
- Rosenthal Wine-Tasting Room, great ambiance and setting, live music and fabulous trucks food on Saturday and Sunday after 4pm. Definitely vacation feeling.
Within 15 Minutes Drive:
City of Calabasas- The Calabasas Commons: Shopping, Lots of Restaurants: Paddler Fork, Kings Fish's house, Sagebrush Cantina, French Bakery, etc). Movie theaters, Barnes and Nobles, etc. 
City of Malibu - Beaches, Shopping, Restaurants, movie theaters
LA Westside
Santa Monica Pier (free life music on the beach every Thursday during the summer, great bands!!) 
3rd St. Promenade (shopping, restaurants, etc)
Venice Beach (Hipsters, bars, performances, etc)

Date Posted: October 12, 2018 at 17:11
Price: $2450
Latitude: 34.107600
Longitude: -118.602300
Bedrooms: NA
Bathrooms: NA
Sqft: NA
