$2250 / 1br - 736ft2 - Gorgeous Modern Renovated One Plus One! Avail In Jan 1st (Torrance, Ca)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
New high-end interiors, large terraces, two pools and easy access to the 405 and the beach make The CitiZen South Bay on Yukon both a luxurious retreat and gateway to the best of Los Angeles. Live the South Bay life five miles from the sand, moments from renowned restaurants and shopping and adjacent to Alondra Park, complete with sports courts and a golf course. Each residence is bright and airy and features designer quartz finishes, wood-style flooring, stainless steel appliances, and a spacious terrace. Two resort-like pools and lush green lawns are shared exclusively by residents, ideal for weekend lawn games and daily dining al fresco. Covered parking is included and Yukon Avenue's park-like setting provides safe and simple guest parking. Less than one mile from El Camino College.
A Must Have Modern Kitchen
Designer Inspired Defined Space 
Great Dinning & Relaxing Living Room
Faux Hardwood Floors & All Stainless Steal Appliances Included 
Man Best Friend's Playground 
Designer Inspired, Modern, Completely Renovated One Bedroom Apartment Homes with Beautiful New high-end interiors. Building comes with large terraces, two pools, laundry facilities, two assigned parking spaces and a three grassed areas for your pets... 
With Easy access to the 405 and the beach Park View on Yukon is a luxurious retreat and gateway to the best of Los Angeles. Live the South Bay life five miles from the sand, moments from renowned restaurants and shopping and adjacent to Alondra Park, complete with sports courts and a golf course. Each residence is designer inspired and features designer quartz finishes, faux wood flooring, stainless steel appliances, and a spacious balcony. Two resort-like pools and lush green lawns are shared exclusively by residents, ideal for weekend lawn games and daily dining. Covered parking is included and Yukon Avenue's park-like setting provides lots of street guest parking. Less than one mile from El Camino College.
Features Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Located on Floor: 1st & 2nd 
Floors in Bldg: 2
Square Footage: 736 
2 Gated Assigned Parking Spaces: 2 Pets Allowed: Cats & Dogs
Call Today for Your Tour  show contact info
... Office is open Monday to Friday 9:00 am to 6:00 pm 
Will stay till 7:00 pm on Tuesdays and Thursdays by appointment only

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 21:44
Price: $2250
Latitude: 33.879603
Longitude: -118.335008
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 736
