$4650 / 3br - 1365ft2 - 2 Bedroom 1 Office Luxury Marina Living @ Tribeca Urban! (4108 Del Rey Ave.)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
We finally have new availability for our lovely community right off Lincoln Blvd. in the heart of Marina Del Rey, CA. We rarely have availability, but we have an amazing 3 bedroom that will be available for move-in November 6th!
Come by and see us! You can call and schedule an appointment or walk-in! We would love to see you! Call Leasing Office for the details of the special. 
Sophisticated Apartment Living in Marina del Rey:
Tribeca Urban is brand new unsurpassed luxury living. Have your choice of thoughtful and incredibly spacious 1, 2 and 3 bedroom residences in a relaxing boutique enclave. Each light-filled apartment is fully appointed with designer finishes, unique touches and modern appliance packages that you'll adore. And with an impressive 95 Walk Score, this intimate community is close to everything you want, yet feels away from it all. Living on the West-side is so much better when you live urban. 
COMMUNITY FEATURES:
State-of-the-art fitness center with Cybex ® equipment, treadmills & body arc trainers with HDTV, free weights and stretching mats.
Resort-style swimming pool and jacuzzi spa.
Lushly landscaped center courtyard with relaxing lounge furniture, two cabanas, and BBQ area.
Luxurious clubhouse with flat screen TV and catering kitchen for private parties and community events.
Pet friendly with on-site dog run (restrictions apply).
On-site bicycle storage areas.
High speed wi-fi throughout the common areas.
Music throughout select common area locations.
Controlled entry access with staffed security guard kiosk (select times).
Gated resident access garage with ample guest parking.
Direct elevator access from garage to residential levels.
Eco friendly energy efficient solar panels providing power to the building common areas.
On-site storage rooms available.
Professional on-site management.
Resident services include dry cleaning pick-up and drop off, car detailing, & special events.
Professionally maintained landscaping.
95 Walk Score® creates walkers paradise.
Near great shopping & dining at Marina Marketplace, Lincoln Blvd., and Marina Del Rey Harbor.
Close to neighborhood parks including Admiralty Park, Culver West Park and Glen Alla Park.
Within .5 mile of a bus line.
Easy access to 90, 10, and 405 Freeways.
PREMIUM AMENITIES:
Modern, spacious, and eco friendly apartments in Marina Del Rey.
Beautiful 1, 2, and 3 bedroom apartment homes.
Optimized layout to allow abundant natural light.
Advanced high-speed internet access with up to 1GB fiber capabilities.
Resident controlled Security system in each residence.
Two-tone paint schemes with accent walls*
Luxury wood laminate flooring throughout living space.
Private patio and balconies.*
Nine foot high ceilings.
Eight foot high entry and interior doors at most locations.*
Bullnose drywall corners with arched hallways.*
Decorative architectural niche at foyer for easy convenience.*
Solatube® lighting at select penthouse floor units.*
Dimmable recessed lighting in dining room, kitchen, and foyer.
Central air conditioning and heating in each residence.
Tankless water heaters providing constant hot water for each residence.
Stackable full-size size GE Appliance® washer and dryers in each residence.
Contemporary flat panel cabinetry with designer selected door pulls and ample pantry storage.
Cambria® quartz solid surface countertops in kitchen with glass tile mosaic backsplash and under-cabinet lighting.
Stainless steel double bowl kitchen sink with Delta® pull-out sprayer faucet.
Stainless steel GE Profile® energy-efficient appliance package including side-by-side refrigerator with ice-maker and water dispenser, slide-in gas ranges, microwave, and dishwasher.
Full length Cambria© quartz solid surface countertops at all bathrooms.
Designer floor tile at all bathrooms.*
Full sized, tiled walk-in stall showers with frameless glass shower doors.*
Soaking tubs with tile surround.*
Framed custom mirror with decorative vanity light fixture in all bathrooms.
Delta ® faucets in all bathrooms and showers.
MechoShade ® manual roller shades over sound resistant and energy efficient low-E dual pane glass windows.
Spacious linen cabinets and walk-in closets.*
Attractive frosted glass wardrobe doors.*
Automatic lights in laundry and pantry closets.*
* Select residences.
Contact us at  show contact info

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 15:00
Price: $4650
Latitude: 33.988529
Longitude: -118.445138
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 3
Sqft: 1365
