$3750 / 1br - Nov & Dec free Limited Availability call for details (Santa Monica)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Call Now -  show contact info
 x 23OR Text 23 to  show contact info
 to text our leasing staff. This is a 1 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 1075 Sq. Ft.  Indulge in the endless sun and surf of Santa Monica at Ocean Palms and Palisades. Nestled in the highly sought-after Wilshire neighborhood within the top-rated Santa Monica-Malibu Unified School District, our community is walking distance from Santa Monica Pier and the Third Street Promenade shopping and dining center. Find respite in the chic interiors of our one- and two-bedroom residences, and relax knowing that convenient amenities are always close at hand. Tour Ocean Palms and Palisades today - inspired experiences start here.  Features: Corian Countertops, Energy Efficient Lighting, Spacious One and Two Bedroom Floor Plans, Newly Renovated Apartment Homes, Wired for Technology, Complete Whirlpool Appliance Package, Premium Berber Carpeting and Pergo Flooring, Bonnet Trim with Two-Tone Paint, Personal Balcony or Terrace*, Energy Star Appliances, Fireplace*  *in select units Community Amenities: Prestigious Santa Monica Location, Assigned Gated Parking with Remote Control Access, 24-Hour Emergency Maintenance, Controlled Access Entry - Key Fob Entry System, Modern Laundry Facilities on Each Floor, Onsite Recycling Program, Green Friendly Community, Generous Closet Space, Complete Fitness Center on Lobby Level, Rooftop Terrace with Ocean Views, On-site Professional Management, We Love Pets!*, Wi-Fi Cafe Business Lounge on Lobby Level, Smoke-Free Community  Pet Policy: Maximum 2 pets per apartment, 35 lb limit. A $500 additional security deposit and $50 (per pet) monthly pet rent is required. Want more information? Follow this link:http://avenue5.aptfeatures.com/b1g0xbEqual Housing Opportunity ueOp48Qq7

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 17:00
Price: $3750
Latitude: 34.028700
Longitude: -118.492400
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
