$3495 / 670ft2 - Westwood Village Studio -Washer/Dryer in Unit - Wood Inspired Floors (Close to UCLA)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Located in the heart of Westwood Village, Gayley + Lindbrook Apartments is an exclusive lifestyle community just recently completed in 2015. Designed by renowned Nadel Architects, Gayley & Lindbrook Apartments feature a dramatic and highly-articulated limestone and brick exterior with luxuriously appointed interiors in a variety of floor plans, along with handy amenities like a rooftop soaking pool, subterranean parking and social spaces. At Gayley + Lindbrook, we believe a true community shouldn't be gated or fenced in, it should seamlessly meld into its surroundings. That's why we chose LA's beautiful Westwood neighborhood for our location. Westwood is part of the Wilshire Corridor, a beautifully planned commercial shopping district in close proximity to the UCLA Campus. A straight shot down Santa Monica Boulevard to the beaches and in the shadow of the Hollywood Hills, Westwood is centrally located. 
1122 Gayley Avenue
Westwood, CA 
90024 
Community Amenities:
- Modern Decor, Graphics and Furnishings in Common Spaces
- Gated Subterranean Parking
- Wi-Fi Access in All Common Areas
- A Generous Social Room, With Kitchen, Opens to a Landscaped Courtyard Fountain
- BBQ
- Lushly Landscaped Roof Deck With Soaking Pool
- Stunning Terraces and Dramatic Views Over the Rooftops of Westwood Village 
Apartment Amenities:
^ Open Floor Plan
^ Stainless Steel Appliances
^ Refrigerator with Ice Maker
^ Gas Cooktop
^ Electric Oven
^ Microwave
^ Vent-hood Combination
^ Dishwasher
^ Walk-in Closet
^ Washer/Dryer In Unit
- Custom Doors and Windows
- Wood Inspired Flooring
- Spectacular Views and Huge Balconies With Select Apartments
- Recessed Lighting
- High Ceilings
- Custom Counter Tops and Cabinets
For more information Call:  show contact info

For more information visit: http://www.gayleyandlindbrook.com/
Thank you for viewing this Ad. We look forward to meeting you. (:
Square ft. is approximate.
Price and availability are subject to change.
Cities: Beverly Hills, West Los Angeles, Century City, Sawtelle, Brentwood, Westgate

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 17:25
Price: $3495
Latitude: 34.059868
Longitude: -118.446147
Bedrooms: 0
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: 670
