$1995 / 1br - !!! FANTASTIC LOCATION !!! 1 Bed 1 Bath available 6100-27 (Redondo Beach)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
Description

Sunny, spacious one bedroom apartment now available in a great location just a short walk to the beach and Riviera Village!


This unit is carpeted throughout, with a large living room. The tiled kitchen has appliances such as a stove/range, and dishwasher. It also has a dining area off-shoot great for entertaining guests or family.


The bedroom has plenty of space for practically any setup with rectangular dual-paned windows that bring in lots of light throughout the room. There is also a large floor-to-ceiling mirrored wall length closet with plenty of room for your wardrobe.


Laundry on-site. (1) assigned parking spot/storage unit in the carport. 


Building amenities include: laundry room, swimming pool and patio area with lounge chairs, and a full size gas grill.


1 year lease. 


Pet Policy: Cat OK w/$600 pet deposit. 


Tenant pays electric. Each unit here is pre-wired for Verizon FIOS, but you may use your preferred TV or internet provider as well. 


Building amenities include: laundry room, swimming pool with lounge chairs, and a full size gas grill!


Great location, walking distance to the beach and next to the Riviera Village where there are many great bars, restaurants, and beach side shopping. For groceries - Trader Joes, Vons, and CVS are around the corner. 


Also, the property is located next to the El Retiro Park and Public Library that has a playground, picnic area, large playing field, and both tennis and basketball courts.

Building amenities include: laundry room, swimming pool with lounge chairs, and a full size gas grill!


This is a very desirable location - walking distance to the beach and next to the Riviera Village where there are many great bars, restaurants, and beach side shopping. For groceries - Trader Joes, Vons, and CVS are around the corner. 


Also, the property is located next to the El Retiro Park and Public Library that has a playground, picnic area, large playing field, and both tennis and basketball courts.


Features
Laundry room
    Parking
    Storage units
    Pool

Date Posted: September 28, 2018 at 14:48
Price: $1995
Latitude: 33.817400
Longitude: -118.381422
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1
Sqft: NA
