$3808 / 1br - 1137ft2 - Welcome home! Beautiful 1137 Sq Ft, 1 Bed, 1.5 Bath floorplan. (Marina del rey)

QR Code Link to This Post
            
        
 Esprit Apartments - A place to call home!
 Bed: 1 / Bath: 1.5  Sq. Footage: 1021 sq ft Rent: $3823.00/month  show contact info
The newest most luxurious apartment homes with spectacular waterfont views Introducing Esprit Marina del Rey - luxurious apartment homes now leasing in the heart of L.A.s hip and happening Westside. From luxurious interiors to first-class amenities and a vibrant Westside L.A. location, you'll say "WOW" again and again. The lush courtyards and open-air waterfront promenade create a breathtaking atmosphere for admiring the surrounding harbor views.
ABOUT PRICING: We now price our apartment homes based on your needs and our availability. This allows you the freedom to choose the best pricing option for you! Our pricing and availability is subject to change daily and is based on the date you choose to start a lease. Please call on-site for specific pricing.
Property Amenities
	♦ Heated Saltwater Lap Pool
	♦ 5 - Spa Courts with Marina Views
	♦ Poolside Kitchen and Lounge / Coffee and Tea Bar
	♦ Kayak, Paddleboard, and Beach Cruiser Rentals
	♦ State of the Art Fitness Center
	♦ Racquet Ball Courts
	♦ Fresh Fruit and Towels Provided
	♦ Gorgeous Outdoor Lounge - Music - TV - FirePit
	♦ Separate Dry Saunas
	♦ Pet Friendly with Pet Areas in Every Building
	♦ Separate Suite Rentals for Guests
	♦ Recycle Bins on Every Floor
	♦ Online Rent Payments
	♦ Controlled Access 
	♦ Conference Room 
	♦ Semi-Annual Community Events
	♦ Common Area Wi-Fi
	♦ Assigned Covered Parking (Carports)
	♦ Plenty of Covered Guest Parking
	♦ Onsite Management - Maintenance
	♦ Concierge Services (ask for details)
	♦ Multi-level setup with exception of Studios
Floorplan Features
	♦ Minimum 9 foot Ceilings
	♦ Every Apartment - Guaranteed Water View from Living Room
	♦ Washer Dryer in Every Apartment
	♦ GE Kitchen Appliances, Gas Stove, Side by Side Refrigerator
	♦ GE Microwave and Dishwasher Stainless Steel Finish
	♦ Central Air and Heat
	♦ Individual Tankless Water Heater
	♦ Dual Pane Windows
	♦ Expansive Walk In Closets
	♦ Outdoor Space for Every Unit
	♦ Custom Window Coverings
	♦ All Apartments Have Powder Room (half bath) except for Studios
	♦ Corian Countertops
	♦ Custom Maple Cabinets
Great Upgrade Options
	♦ Vinyl Plank Flooring
	♦ Premium Carpet
	♦ Accent Wall in the Living Room
	♦ Upgraded Bathroom and Kitchen Fixtures
	♦ Tile Backsplash Behind the Stove 13900 Marquesas Way Marina Del Rey, CA 90292Our apartment homes feature: Our residents enjoy:  *Covered Parking*Controlled Access*Fitness Center*Conference Room*Wireless Internet Access*Walking Distance to the Beach*5 Spa Courts with Marina Views*Designated Pet Areas*Upgrade Options AvailablePets: Pet rent of $25/pet/month. 2 pet maximum. $1,000 additional deposit for 1+ pets.Contact info:  show contact info
Website: www.espritmdr.comCalBRE #01002303EQUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITYESR3700

Date Posted: November 05, 2018 at 17:10
Price: $3808
Latitude: 33.976036
Longitude: -118.450556
Bedrooms: 1
Bathrooms: 1.5
Sqft: 1137
